
I consider Christians to be naive, not necessarily stupid.  Not being a dick, just clarifying. 
Laughter would ensue. 
Atheist here, I've never once considered a person stupid because of the beliefs they hold. 
I agree.
I applaud you for that. However, I see far too many posts that make the front page, that showcases idiotic things said by someone, who uses religion to back up whatever he's saying. When I venture into the comments of such a post, all I see is ignorant comments such as 
"That's why I'll never be religious, it makes us stupid"

"Religion is evil, just look at this post. We go to wars ect ect it's all religions fault!"

and more stupid things like that. people don't seem to understand that there are people in the world, who are just plain stupid and idiotic. I'm sure we are able to find atheists out there who are just as stupid as some religious people that make it to the front page. But we don't upvote that kind of thing, because Redditors like to feel in charge, and by exposing something(Like Religion) in a negative viewpoint, and in a negative way, they are able to feel good about themselves, and when the majority of Reddit agrees with them, they get massloads of karma, and positive feedback to there hateful comments.
It makes me sick, the ignorance of people.
Can we all agree then, that Christians (as a whole) are not a stupid and atheists (as a whole) are not as mean spirited as Reddit would have you believe?
Seems only logical to agree to that - that there are bound to be people who do not "fit the norm" in any group that has millions of members....

I'm reminded of the beginning of the song "What if I stumble" by DC Talk:
 >"The greatest single cause of atheism in the world today is Christians: who acknowledge Jesus with their lips, then walk out the door, and get on with their life style. That is what an unbelieving world simply finds unbelievable."
So I as an adult Christian should learn what from this child?  That appearances are deceptive? That people judge my actions and find them wanting every single day? Thank God that HE weighs the heart.  Jesus doesn't require perfection from me.  HE was perfect and he died for me.  My sin is covered by HIS blood.  So guess what?  I am not gonna stop going to church because YOU don't see my progress.  Because a world wants to hold me up as a failure because I don't have perfection down pat.  This is a spiritual war that I battle every day.  My Father convicts, he doesn't condemn.  So keep your childish wisdom.  I'll stick to my bible.
"But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction. And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of." (2 Peter 2:2) 

I am of the opinion that this verse directly applies to that breed of so-called Christians who profess Christ with their lips and deny Christ with their lives. I imagine that the devil is quite pleased when this type of Christian proliferates around the globe.
This has always bothered me, the whole hypocrites at church thing.  Its like saying I don't to the gym because there are too many fat people.
Misses the point. I don't go to church to be a better person (actually, I don't go to church at all, but that is another story). Christianity is not about moralism, or at least, it shouldn't be. It should be about the Grace of God. If there is a sole focus on the grace of God in Jesus Christ, the other stuff falls into place effortlessly (joy, peace, love, faith, charity, hope, self control, meekness etc). Too many churches make sanctification hard work, by focusing on moralism, instead of a finished work of God, realized in us as we rest in Him. 
Another atheist here, giving my two cents. That quotation would do better to say "That is what a *non-Christian* world simply finds unbelievable."

Atheists' lack of belief comes from critical thinking.
It was never really stated that the 13 year old was an atheist.
I go to church to have complete focus on the divinity. 

I live my life as best I can. Saying everyone goes back to their own ways? Yes, label everyone under one stereotype. So many great leaders have done the same. Insert list of dictators.
YEah but, how is not going to church going to change anything.  At least if everyone keeps going there's a chance that change will happen.
Nothing you can't learn more fully from scripture and prayer, instead of goofing around with internet groups about sin.
As an atheist, let me just say that the actions of the believer are not necessarily indicative of the truth of the claim "X god exists", unless that God is said to directly influence the lives of the believers in a way that is contrary to current behaviors (which still doesn't necessitate that this god doesn't exist). 

Basically, I don't care how nice or mean you are when it comes to why I don't believe. Lack of sufficient evidence is the sole reason. So I don't really think this post should be taken as a "this is why I don't believe". It's really just addressing the question "Why do people go to church?" with several assumptions of what church is suppose to do for the believer and what it doesn't do according to this kids personal experience. 

It may be a profound direction of thought for the 13 year old kid in question (assuming that it isn't fake), but it's not really something that belongs on /r/atheism, in my honest opinion. 
I'm sure that's a reason for many, but for the vast majority of non-believers, it has only to do with lack of any evidence. The existence of religious scumbags doesn't turn people into atheists--it's the lack of any evidence, that does.

There are assholes in all groups of people.
> So keep your childish wisdom. I'll stick to my bible.

Uhhh, do you realize the absurdity of what you just said?

Don't bother responding, I'm sure it's going to be all defensive and self-righteous, just as your whole post was.
Serious question, I'm not being coy: do you truly believe in the Devil? And if so, what is he/she? A physical being? A spirit? What is the Devil's role? Finally, where in the Bible does your understanding of the Devil come from?
I don't agree with what you're saying. For one, just because someone is fat at the gym doesn't mean their not using the gym properly... It's a bad comparison. Personally I dislike going to the gym previously because I'd find it crowded with people who would show up just to be social with their buddies, gossip, leave weights on floor, be disrespectful and just make going to the gym unpleasant. And then there's the awful music being blasted like you're going to the loudest club downtown. It just left me with a sour feeling, so I found other ways to stay in shape by landscaping, sports and doing exercises at home, etc.

If people feel going to a certain church leaves them with a unpleasant or unrewarding experience due to social cliques in the church (gossip, disrespect, alienating whose different), themes and music that don't provide knowledge but happy feels and entertainment, etc. And they decide it's better to improve themselves in other ways or seek knowledge with their own resources, how can you be bothered. It's not their failure, but the failure of the church in that case (IMO).
I get treated like shit by many Christians.  I say Christians because I've never been cursed at, screamed at, insulted, or *damned* by anyone but Christians--simply for not believing.

Really interesting.
There are tons of people who are out of shape who don't go to the gym because they are intimidated, or made to feel bad by the in shape people who go...
i dont understand why people who post on r/christian can call themselves atheists.. even if they truly believe that they are.... its like an oximoron.. if you DONT believe in God then what logic is there in posting anything on r/christian.... so are you Agnostic???
So does some of our belief.

Not going to church makes a difference if you stop donating and it makes it more difficult for religious leaders to claim to represent many people. It makes more of a difference to actively advocate the use of logic and evidence. 
If the churches stop bringing in that sweet, sweet income from donations, the Vatican will get angry and get even more desperate than it already is.
Well, a whole lot of science and ethics didn't make it into scripture. Those are worth learning!
Stop goofing around on this internet group.
[deleted]
No problem. Yes, I truly believe that the Devil exists. Although I certainly do not claim to have any absolute knowledge, I believe that the Devil is a former angel who, through some form of free agency, rebelled against God and was cast out of heaven. He is a spiritual, not a physical, being. The devil knows that he will eventually be condemned to Hell, and his overriding desire is to take as many human spirits with him as possible. 

It is difficult to point to any specific part of the Bible that would summarize the Biblical Satan. Jesus describes Satan as "a liar, and the father of it". (John 8:44). He says that Satan has come to "steal, and to kill, and to destroy (John 10:10). In total, Satan is mentioned by name at least 49 times in the Bible.
I don't believe you
So people in church are too perfect for you?
Way to not acknowledge the point I made, bucko.
Key word there, "some"
Belief that comes from critical thinking exists because the thinking wasn't critical enough. How can your thinking be critical when you can't even get past the illogical idea of a man in the sky that loves everyone and is all-powerful and all-knowing, but still demands that he be worshiped (to make himself feel good?), refuses to heal the sick, wounded, mentally handicapped, and damns people to eternal torment for the simple, harmless, non-violent and victim-less crime of not believing in his existence (for which there is no evidence at all)?

That should be a no-brainer.
Haha, you got downvoted for saying that! Hilarious.
I didn't say Barely_Yuman was right or wrong, I said it was *absurd*.

"Screw your ridiculous childlike wisdom, I'll stick to the wisdom from this ancient book of myths!" That's absurd. Not stupid, or crazy, not necessarily, but definitely absurd.

Also, I agree that was the 13-year-old said was ridiculous, even as I first read it I thought that. The original post was not only absurd but also completely stupid. However, what Barely_Yuman said is simply just *absurd.*
It happened even when I was a believer, though very rarely. I was Catholic, and non-Catholic Christians have told me that I am going to go to hell for being Catholic, and that we're idolatrous heathens. Yep. True story, bro.

And ever since becoming an atheist, I've learned not to talk about it unless I know the person isn't going to openly berate me for it.

> I don't believe you

Hahaha, and Christians claim they are the most persecuted people in America. Hilarious.
no, but it can seem that way to outsiders which I don't consider a good thing. 
my point is what are you doing posting on christian if your an athiest... are you trying to find more reasons to convince yourself that there is no god?? i just dont understand... im not trying to keep you off here i just dont understand what your looking for
[deleted]
Aww, you want to compare persecution complexs.  Only problem is I don't have one.
But this kind of argument assumes I give credence to "divine revelation". To me, divine revelation is completely fictional. So to try to explain to someone that something imaginary is better than something that's not is absurd.

"What my imaginary friend told me is worth more than what you discovered yourself through contemplation and critical thought."

> ...believe it or not, inferior to the security of the gospel.

I don't believe it. Therefore, telling me that, whether I believe it or not, something your god told you is inferior to something that philosopher or myself have discovered over years of contemplation is just absurd.

Were I a believer, I would probably agree with you. Because what God says must most definitely be greater than what any man says. But I don't believe in the supernatural, so anything that "comes from" a supernatural being is pure fantasy. Something that comes from the mind of a real human being that spends years upon years developing philosophical knowledge holds infinitely more weight.

Even the philosophers that wrote the Bible hold a good deal of weight. Much of what they say is beautiful, inspirational, and useful for living a good life. But when they say that it comes directly from their imaginary god, it loses most of its strength.

Wisdom is wisdom, true. It doesn't have to come from a god or goddess or demon or ancestor. But when "it does", it's easy to scoff at.

I'll take human-inspired wisdom over the wisdom gained from belief in a deity.
I don't believe you.
[deleted]
and that's ok
> Go ahead and scoff.

And then...

> Go ahead and live your life. You won't come to Christ and see the reality of Him until you find yourself in utter desperation for him. Until that happens, I can tell you're just fine by yourself (thankyouverymuch).

(There *are* atheists in foxholes, mind you.)

You can't get upset that I'm *scoffing* and then in the next sentence give me a condescending sermon about how someday I'll be in dire straits and begging for God's mercy. That's hypocritical.

And then ending with that Bible verse, more condescension.

And this is why I scoff.

Lol.

<3
[deleted]
k

That John. What a goofball.
The one Jesus loved was so fit.
Also an interesting tidbit, this passage coupled with the ones about Peter dragging in the nets of fish himself show that Peter was a larger man. His pushing past the others to attack the priest servant with the sword, without thinking he goes into the tomb past John, he was a large bullheaded type that used his stature and strength first and thoughts second. Until the Pentecost that is, because the coming of the Holy Spirit changed him dramatically. 
It's because John had a better top end. His car had three gears (1 John, 2J, 3J), whereas Peter's only had two (1, 2 Peter).
Gotta go fast
there is a theory that John may have been into sports, because he wrote about "running the race that is set before us" and "fleeing fornication" and as OP pointed out he was proud of the fact that he outran Peter. John loved to run, so it may have been possible that he was a racer, in the Greek games perhaps? 
I just love how human they all are if you actually comprehend what you're reading. John is my favorite disciple but the Book of Matthew is my favorite of the Gospels because I love Jesus's sermons in it. 
I didnt mean that you dont comprehend... I meant if someone comprehends...

Still learning reddit.  It never occurred to me I wouldn't have to see that stuff if I unsubscribed.  
Duh.
As an atheist, that was also my reaction to unsubscribing to that sub. although having to see it when I browse r/all/new makes me want to cry.
I hear ya.

Haha. great job! Have it YAHWEH!
Craziest thing. I am running sound right now for a connection group at my church that the pastor teaches and just as I looked at this within 2 sec he said "Yahweh".

Ha! Wow, that's pretty interesting lol. I always thought that if the big bang was true then that's just how God did it! There are a few holes in that theory, but however it happened God did it! The word universe means "single spoken sentence." uni-verse. God spoke it into existence with just His words! 
Religion explains who, science how.
I always believed that god made things this way. Up vote for this interesting fact though. :)
The real issue is whether or not you believe the big bang theory is correct or that the earth was created ~6,000 years ago.
thats still kinda going against christians its like he found a more logicall answer instead of a fairytale
Wrong it comes from uni(Latin unus meaning one) and the perfect passive participle of vertere in Latin which means to be turned or rolled , something changed. You should probably have an understanding of what you type. That was pretty stultifying actually that you can't even use google correctly .
*checks dictionary for 'stultifying' *
Yea how'd that go? (From the Latin stultus stulta stultum meaning foolish)

He's such a jolly old man, I love his debates. 
I realise this is not the main point, but we *know* what stories people make up when they are afraid of the dark: ghosts, and such. We imagine the things that lurk at the edge of vision, half-perceived movement as a tree shifts in the wind. This has little to do with thoughts of God. 
Ha awesome. Love it.

I think this is a very inaccurate. The American church has been and still is very generous. I think a more accurate response would be that the church needs to come back to preaching the gospel. Now days western christians are too worried about offending people. Sorry, but Jesus wasn't holding back in fear of offending anyone. You also didnt see Jesus giving money to the poor. He set people free from sin. Many in the church today dont even mention sin. 

Also, poor is pretty relative. Dont bash Christians because they are trying to be good stewards of their money and dont approve giving free stuff to people who refuse to work. I imagine todays liberal Christians have crossed out Pauls words "those that dont work dont eat".  
A note to whoever wants to know: I have received several "reports" about this post, however I don't see any issues with it. I am watching the thread, but haven't seen anything to suggest this isn't an appropriate post.
Wonderful. Sums up the situation of many people. I am a member of a German-American church and I notice that my pastor shares some of Lucy's attitude here. It makes me very sad.
I thought "Christians " weren't supposed to lie or slander people.

so people who refuse to work should get food stamps?
Let me make this real simple for you; working for money is good. Giving able bodied people money without work is not good. 
Says the guy who is advocating the murder of motorcyclists...
This comic strip isn't a criticism of churches, it's a criticism of a certain kind of political discourse. It isn't attempting to criticize the Church or Christians in general, it's exposing an incongruity in a certain kind of political speech prevalent in America.
> Dont bash Christians because they are trying to be good stewards of their money

Why? Because Christ himself already bashed those folks enough in the Bible?

> and dont approve giving free stuff to people who refuse to work.

Who refuses to work?
You stated: "You also didnt see Jesus giving money to the poor".  I think the resurrected Christ handed Peter that job. Something along the line of Peter, do you love me? Feed my sheep.
This isn't lying or slandering. This is recognizing a value problem that many Christians have and calling it out in a humorous, yet understandable way.
That's pretty passive aggressive.  If you have an issue with the op or the post... why not just say so?
 Yeah... Dude obviously has some problems.  Where do you want to take that?
So you agree with cutting food stamps for able bodies people?
That's not a reasonable interpretation of that passage. Jesus only refers to his followers as "his sheep", so if anything this passage would only be an argument for giving to people who are both poor and Christian, but it makes more sense that he meant to teach the Christians. 
So Jesus didnt give him money. I'm all for giving people jobs. 
that's not about charity that is about preaching the gospel 
> So you agree with cutting food stamps for able bodies people?

Nope!  Why would I?????
You don't believe we are all children of God, even those who haven't accepted him yet? 
> So Jesus didnt give him money.

Sure... but didn't Jesus require his disciples to essentially give up all of their money, personal possessions, etc?

> I'm all for giving people jobs.

So..... what's stopping you?  Give people jobs!
The Bible never talks about us that way. I mean yes I agree that we are God's "children" in that He's created all of us, but the only sense the Bible ever uses the term is to describe those who are Christians/Israelites. John 1:12 says that those who believe *become* children of God. All through the Gospel of John Jesus talks about "his sheep" in contrast to those who do not believe. Sometimes they're goats, sometimes they are sheep but they are not *his* sheep, but never are those who don't believe called "his sheep".
Nah, too much like socialism for some 
Growing up in an environment that was essentially anti religion and then transplanting myself into the Bible Belt of the United States, it has been an interesting journey. I went from thinking religion was for brain-washed idiots (which my parents and sister now think of me) to loving the idea of there being something bigger than me and living for a purpose outside of myself. 

Looking back I know it was God who pulled my heart to Texas. Here I met my "Texas family" who exemplifies God's love in everything they do. I honestly credit them with saving my life. They were the first people to take me to church and explain that being a Christian doesn't mean I'm expected to be perfect. That God won't hate me when I make mistakes. For the first time in my life I feel unconditional love, and it's amazing. I want everyone to feel it, I want everyone to "understand" the all consuming and all knowing love of God. 

It's been four years in the making, but it finally happened! I can't wait to share this with my Texas family - I'm a Christian!

God is good :)

PS - for anyone interested, this was the essentially the straw that broke the camel's back. I've been struggling with understanding a difficult relationship/romantic situation and was searching for the Word that would help me understand. I'm glad I found this, it put everything into perspective and I now proudly call myself a Christian.  http://www.whatchristianswanttoknow.com/true-love-how-do-you-know-when-you-find-it/
Congrats! Welcome to the family. 
> I went from thinking religion was for brain-washed idiots (which my parents and sister now think of me) to loving the idea of there being something bigger than me and living for a purpose outside of myself. 

> It's been four years in the making, but it finally happened!

I'm praying for some folks who I hope will have the same transformation you had. Thank you for reminding me that it can happen in God's time. 
Yea!!! I'm so excited for you!

Start making connections at a local church, and most importantly, start reading through your Bible! I'd recommend starting in the New Testament and going through it.  If you have questions please feel free to send me a PM
Welcome home
You made the right decision. Here..you'll like this ( if you want Bruce's story watch the you tube called Bruce Van Nattas testimony) 
http://christophersmiraclestory.blogspot.com/2012/11/newa-visible-testimony-after-miracle.html
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌
>I went from thinking religion was for brain-washed idiots (which my parents and sister now think of me) to loving the idea of there being something bigger than me and living for a purpose outside of myself.

you might consider that "loving the idea of there being something bigger" is an indicator of what actually happened. there is a difference between loving someone and loving the idea of loving someone.

hey, we all would like to believe that there is a giant safety net out there for us. so you're not so unusual to love the idea that there is someone/thing bigger than yourself. it's also interesting that you "found" that happen in a particular location. now you're in a place where confirmation bias is the norm.

look...you don't have to believe that people who believe these things are "brainwashed idiots." we are all subject to denial to some extent...but that doesn't make you or anyone an idiot. although willful ignorance is another game entirely...and for you to follow your love of belief to a place where everyone believes little else is really a form, ironically, of willful ignorance.

but you probably won't see it that way.


And what exactly is the point you are trying to make? He/she already stated that they've come from an anti-religion background in the past.
I'm sure he/she's already gone through these very same thoughts once or twice.

Is it just something you want to confirm with yourself? Because I'm not getting the real point of this post.
Unless that is, you've even bothered to read the very beginning of his post.
The point is what I put in my post. I simply asked the OP to consider they might have  chosen to become a Christian because they have fallen in love with the idea of following god. Doing so isn't any more reasonable than marrying someone because you've fallen in love with the idea of marriage. 

That's it. That's the real point of the post. 

And I get down voted with no response from OP. 


I don't think you understand my post at all. I'm a Christian because I love God, and I love everything about Christianity, including membership to the community. And I'm not calling religion a bunch of brain washed idiots, I said that's what I grew up thinking because where I am from religion is the outliar and those who follow a religion tend to be the type of people who give Christians (or any other religion) a bad name. So now that's what my family thinks of me. 
This post gets your message across MUCH better, thanks for clarifying your point.
And I want to thank you for being respectful in your language. I really do appreciate that. :)

That being said, I really do have to agree with you there. We are to LOVE G-d. Because of his glory and mercy to us. 
Not because we like the idea of just following G-d. But to make it a heartfelt, life choice.

I do apologize for not understanding your post earlier. I let my passions blind me into interpreting your previous post, as slander from an unbeliever's perspective.
Forgive me for thinking that way. You are very respectful, and it makes me smile.
Have a fantastic day. :)
I want to let you know how proud I am of you for holding onto G-d, so dearly. 
May he bless your life from here to eternity! I hope your walk with him will strengthen you always.

Have a wonderful day! :)
i understood your post just fine...funny, though...i don't think you understood mine. haha...so we're even.

[relevant.](https://youtu.be/6PJIQ6MYJ1Q)
I'm a college student at Texas state university. The campus is very ant heist and there is not a big Comunity that I thought there would be. After looking for community, I meet a couple guys and joined a Christian fraternity. So I went to one of my brothers houses to get a couple things and it turned out that he was having a bible study and a Comunity group. I said no because I had things to do but a friends convinced me to stay, best decision I've made in a while. This is where it gets weird....
Over the past couple days I had a realization that I wasn't scared of death anymore, I also had a strong feeling that I had accomplished something or was about to accomplish in my faith. As I have been growing tremendously since coming to college, but today I was just praying by myself during worship about become a better man of god, and being able to just speak his great word through my voice and actions. All of a sudden a guy I had never meet before comes over and asks to pray with me and tell me something. He prays that I will become a worrier of god, and that I'm not afraid of death. He also said that I will be able to positively affect others in my faith and that I have a greater calling.... All of a sudden I had this sense of amazement that this random stranger knew what I had been feeling for the past couple days and knew exactly when to say it. After bible study I went and talked to him and he said he honestly just had a feeling and let the Holy Spirit talk for him. It's times like this when I get amazed by how great god is.

This is probably not a very meaningful post to some but I'd just like to say take any chance you have to go to community groups or pray with others because you never know when something like this might happen to you. Thanks for taking the time to read this and let me know if you have had something like this before, I'd love to hear more stories!
God is good! I am really happy you are connecting with other Christians. As a guy, and in my early twenties, I would love to be able to connect to other younger Christians. I am out of college and while I go to church, there isn't a group for guys my age.

Sad but true ... I laughed my head off at this ... Thanks for posting 
Dead on! ...or worship pastor. I guess the stage calls for looking rockstar.
I have been diagnosed with Lupus and so many other autoimmune diseases that are rare and hard to make sense of and it seems as if it’s one thing after another. Even though I have gone through a lot of trials in my life and now this disease I know God has never failed me!! He has always showed up in the most profound ways in my life. God has always given me, what I consider miracles and he has never ever left me even in the darkest of days! Just today, I was at the doctor’s office for a simple refill on my medicine for prednisone. I have something called neurocardiogenic syncopede, and my heart was fluttering a lot. I thought I was just having an off day, no big deal. My regular doctor wasn’t in today, but the doctor I did see, asked how I felt,and I told him I was ok but my heart was fluttering some. He decided to do an EKG and the results was that my heart was out of rhythm. He said to me, “I think this was a divine intervention by God,” whoever hears that from their doctor? The doctor sent me to my primary doctor and a plan was made with what to do about my heart rhythm.
Here is my take on the day; I don’t know why I am facing these horrific health problems, but I do know God has always made a way for me even if I didn’t see it in the moment. I trust God. No matter the trials I have in this life, God hasn’t failed me! Satan may be out to destroy my life, that is his job and as long as I am child of God he will continue to try to destroy everything I do. My God is bigger than anything Satan can throw at me
Prayers coming your way friend. Thanks for this.
Amen! I'll be praying for you. I'm sure your praise in this moment is a very sweet sound to Him.
This was very encouraging and I also suffer from an autoimmune disease (IBD) and sometimes it's so hard to move forward and I feel like God is far away from me, but He has always carried me through! 
God bless you, friend. I'll pray for you, you lifted up my heart with this post. 
Thankyou! God Bless You! ☺
Thankyou so much! It's your weakest moments that you truly find your dependency on God. 
God is always near, even if we don't see it in the moment. I can often look back after I am out of the moment and see God was close by all along. Being sick is probably the most trying time to remember that because you are literally fighting against your flesh being in pain and your faith in God but he is always close by. It's in these times that your faith has to outweigh your pain. 
Aww. I am so happy to hear that. Thankyou for telling me that. ☺

Just like there are 7 sacraments. 
Just like there are 7 days in the week, and 7 wonders of the world, and 7 seas, and 7 fat cows eaten by 7 skinny cows!
And in Revelation the mysterious Seven Spirits of God that each have seven eyes who stand before the Throne of God. These are manifestations of the Holy characteristics of the Holy Spirit of God.

* **Revelation 3:1**) "*And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.*" 

* **Revelation 5:6**) "*And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.*"

Jesus said "I will send my comforter unto you" and then He breathed on the Apostles and said "receive ye the Holy Ghost". The Holy Spirit is sent by Christ, and in Rev 5:6 we see that the Spirits of God are in the Lamb.

-----------------------------------

* Also another picture are the 7 days of Creation. 

* The 7 years of Tribulation in Revelation. 
Revelation. It's not plural.
......[thanks](https://imgur.com/gallery/f229F)
Jesus saved me from the darkness, i love him with all my heart and i love our father too! Glory to God.
Amen!
Simple and Beautiful. I love it. God has blessed me recently so much and I don't even feel like I deserve it, but that's the amazing thing about God's grace, isn't it? You deserve it because His perfect, sinless son died on cross for you. Praise be to the Lord! 
Amen.
I love Jesus too! Praise the Lord!!!! :)
God bless you 
i'm so happy to ear that my brother. I hope that our Lord can bless you forever! your family too!! glory to God and Jesus, my hope.
🌻
yeah!! praise the lord ❤️

Amen and hallelujah! The power of Christ is above all and beyond all that this world and powers of Hell can muster. 

And it is this exact purpose that I created /r/TheArmorofGod, a Sub designated to witnessing to and helping those caught up in occult and "other spiritual practices". I was saved out of occult and demonic practices myself, and I now preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ and His saving power and merciful grace and forgiveness.

At the name of Jesus EVERY knee will bow and EVERY tongue will confess!


Looks like a rock concert.
I hate churches like that, but I guess we all find faith in different places.
[deleted]
Not in Seattle by any chance?  Awesome, btw!
What's an alter call?
So is it just the movie theatre room? Do you only have Sunday morning services? Are most of your members younger? I'm curious haha
Praise God! Awesome
[deleted]
We are a church plant that launched about 18mos ago. We've had exponential growth in the last several months. This is just a post of a pic taken from very top of the theater (oh, we launched in a movie theater) - it was a full house. I just wanted to share this. It's an amazing testament of faith. 
South Hills North in San Antonio, TX
In short, it's the time after a message when the Pastor / Clergy asks if anyone would like accept Christ as their Savior. Different churches go about it differently but at my church, if hands go up the Pastor will ask those people to come to the front of the congregation to pray with them. Generally everyone says the prayer in case they were uncomfortable stepping up in front of the church. 
So we have one of the larger rooms in an actual big chain movie theater. Right now we have one Sunday service and then we have a women's and a men's group and occasional non-Sunday get-togethers as a church. The demographic is generally college aged to middle aged.
No. It's apart of the South Hills family of churches based out of California.
Oh.  Okay.  Looked like a church we went to in Seattle, but then again most movie theaters look the same.
Cool! 
Reddit is the 24th most visited site on the Internet, and judging by the majority of the content found on my front page, r/all and some of the subreddits I have came across, our Lord and Savior is not a part of our brother's and sister's lives and way of thinking. Let this post serve as a reminder the God is great and deserves our praise. God bless you all, and make it your goal this week to talk to someone about Jesus. It is their choice, but let us show them the most gracious embrace of the Messiah.
GOD IS GOOD!! Amen! I wish I could UpVote twice!
Now i am happy to see someone practicing there religion, but what people need right now is not others telling them what to believe. If God is great, then He will surely speak to non believers, given time.
I couldn't agree more, however I feel as though if we devote ourselves to acting in the grace  and love that our Jesus did, others will be sure to follow and inquire. This is when I take the opportunity to share my enlightenment.
"And in the last days it shall be, God declares, that I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams" -  Acts 2:17


Two nights ago I had a dream, and in this dream I was in a forest doing something on the ground and as I looked up I seen people sitting in the clouds and inbetween them was God and right beside was Jesus. I couldnt look at God, I couldnt see him but i seen jesus's face and heard his voice. I just cant remember any of them, but i remember what he said. He said "Come home now, my child" 
Then BOOM i woke up, and I heard a trumpet as soon as i woke up. I live in rural canada, no one in my town owns a trumpet and wouldnt be up 5am. I told my auntie who owns the local christian fellowship church and when i told her, she said she could feel something inside as i told her. 
My brothers and sisters, the Lord is coming and its up to you to witness to your friends and family. Thats why he gave me this dream or vision. God bless and thank you for reading. 
Brother I hope your right I'm ready to go home amen!
A friend of my cousins wife (lives in Guatemala) had a very similar dream and heard not trumpets but vuvuzelas at around 3am in the morning a few days ago.  Not sure if the time zone checks out, but what strange times lie ahead.
Thank you for sharing. I had a similar dream a while back. 
Can't wait! Jesus is near and in the words of Steven Furtick (plus one word from me)- "We gotta go (home)!"
A friend of my wife(the friend lives in Brazil) had a very similar dream and heard trumpets at 5am in the morning a couple days ago also.
Amen! Dont give up faith now, the enemy is working full force to discourage us. Meet you in heaven brutha 
Yes they are, be ready bro
Can you tell us? 
Amen, i cant wait to go home but theres so much we still have to do. Be patient :)
These are signs of the end times, god bless us. 
The Lord is working fast, Brother. Preach to your family and friends and tell them he is coming. They may prosecute you but atleast they heard it. Amen 
Good point my dude. We have a commission to keep. Lives to change. Lives to SAVE.

That's SO cool!

Tonight on a spur-of-the-moment kind of thing I decided to take a trip to see an old friend. I pulled over and stepped out in the dead calm Canadian prairies and gazed to the stars expecting to see beauty and feel a soothing bliss, but was met with anxiety and the most depressing loneliness I have ever felt. Now, I don't know if this is the place to talk about such things, but I felt the need to share. I prayed to the Lord asking why I didn't feel His love, and He answered. It was because I thought myself undeserving; He knows all the skeletons in my closet, all the wrongs I continue to do. I shut Him out because I thought there's no way anyone could love me. I took His word and accepted His love with all my heart and was engulfed instantly with warmth and emotion. He showered me with love and showed all the others in my life who love me too. I don't feel alone, I am not alone! No one is perfect; regardless of how broken you are, you are loved!
I'm glad to read something like this this morning! I often struggle with this feeling, so it's uplifting to hear that you've been touched by God and his love :)
Nice! Keep walking in the spirit! 

Never let fear or anxiety rob you of enjoying God's creation.

I agree 100%.  In Matthew 25:40 Jesus tells us "what we do to the least of these we also do to Him."  We have a long way to go as a nation.  If Christians would line up around food banks the way we line up around Chic-fil-a this world would be a much better place.  The one thing I disagree with Colbert is I think he would like to put the help of the poor in the hands of the government.  This is probably the least effective ways to help the needy because then you add bureaucratic red tape, administrative fees, and fulfillment will probably be  contracted out to whatever lobby group has paid off the politician making the decision.  I prefer to give to local organizations like The Chow Train.  
Most conservatives and most liberals agree that the poor should be helped.  

The difference is whether the government should take from others to help them, or whether the church should do so through time and money freely given.  Because of the sad state of the church, the government can certainly provide much more, but the church is better equipped to give with accountability and ensure we are not enabling the subset of those who can provide for themselves but chose not to.
If it's between putting in the hands of the government, and not having it done at all I think the government Is a much better way to do it. Its more organized than hoping random people will do the right thing.

We've tried not having the government do it, and people aren't stepping up. Lets try the other way
In other words, you think you should help people with strings attached.
Jesus never said anything about governing your neighbor to give his money to the poor. Colbert had it very wrong. 
I think that's an uncharitable way of saying it, but depending on the circumstances then yes.  You have to be very careful about what strings you attach because there are many unjust ways of doing so.  2 Thessalonians is one case:

1.  "For even when we were with you, we used to give you this command: “If anyone is not willing to work, neither should he eat.” For we hear that some among you are living an undisciplined life, not doing their own work but meddling in the work of others. Now such people we command and urge in the Lord Jesus Christ to work quietly and so provide their own food to eat."

So one of the "strings" is that people who are capable of providing for themselves should not be given charity.  There are many cases where charity should be given with no strings attached.
[deleted]
I'm vary wary of people making personal decisions on which poor people are "deserving". Those most in need are often the more difficult. I distrust Lady Bountiful. I want a neutral programme with good oversight accountable to the public. In other words, something administered with a democratic mandate. In other words, the State.

But I'm an Irish left-leaning atheist.


That's a ridiculous assertion. There are more ways to help the poor than to tell your neighbor that he must do it. Maybe  read a book and also, you know, the Bible. 
I think giving charity to the wrong people can make their situation worse.  For the better part of a year I helped a man and his wife who were having trouble making ends meet.  They both worked full time, low-income jobs.  I went through his budget with him every month to see where the money was going, and the majority of assistance I gave him by paying his bills directly.  Going through the checkout with him, paying doctor bills myself, writing checks directly to utility companies and so on.  All together it was about $5500 dollars.  I later found out he had other people helping him the same way, while he spent all of his own income on drugs.  His wife (who is very naive) didn't even know.

After I cut off all funds (and so did the others who were helping him, after I told them), he hit rock bottom for several months, moving from place to place trying to find new people to give him charity.  Eventually he ended up in a rehab center and for several months now I'm told he's been clean and is doing very well.  But he contracted HIV through sharing needles shortly before his recovery.  Maybe if I had not been enabling his addicted lifestyle he would have recovered sooner.  I don't know.

I see similar cases among my friends who help the poor.  Parents who spend their government checks on big tv's and fancy toys while the church feeds their kids.  There are certainly many many people who legitimately need assistance, and I do think government assistance should exist.  But I also think the church is better equipped--through personal relationships--to better tell the difference in how to best help each person.

I wonder what you're going to do when you get to the verses about  infanticide, slavery, and Jesus convincing people to abandon their families to follow him.
Yeah, I wonder. I'll probably just do the same thing and post them though. 
So you will animate a parent killing their child because the child disobeyed the parent. I'm curious to see how that will go.
Dear Troll:

You didn't even bother to really **read** what OP is doing, did you?

He's not creating animations based on the content of the verses.

He's making the actual text of the verses fly around on the screen in pretty ways.

So, there's that.
I was trying to make a point
Your point collapsed.
I think you did make a point.

Just not the one you thought you were making.
Started in high school, kicked it for years, but now it's back with a vengeance. What do I do? Prayers welcome.
As scary as it is, you need to talk about it. Talk to someone (preferably a Christian) that you trust, and that knows your heart. We don't know why we do these things until we start talking about them and get down to the root of the sin.

I've recently been going through some deeply rooted sins in my own life, and talking openly and honestly with my wife, no matter how much hurt there is or how difficult the topic, has helped me exponentially in transforming into the man God wants me to be.

By not openly talking, we're giving the enemy a foothold in our lives. Something that we have to hide, and something we're ashamed of.

Break the chains. I'll be praying for you.
If you feel at a loss, I suggest reading Proverbs, just one chapter per day. I've made a habit of this, and always find so many of God's truths and grace new every day.


EDIT: And when I mention talking, I don't mean texting or emailing. I mean REALLY physically sitting with someone and verbally communicating. You'd be surprised the difference it makes.
Speaking as someone that is actually going through the same thing, I can tell you that prayer does help. Also being encouraged by others that are in the faith as well is a plus. Confide in someone you trust, pray together, and seek even higher consel if needed.

Also, if at all possible find a conselor that specializes in porn addiction. Even better if you find one that is into the Christian faith as well. I got lucky but I recently found one and it has helped. One of the reasons we find ourselves in addiction is because we are mentally and physically looking for something. Something to fill a void. I'm still figuring out mine but I am thankful to be able to start this journey. I wish you the best of luck and I will be praying for you.
Delete apps that you use to find it. Block nsfw accounts. Block websites. 
Just watch so much porn till you get sick of it. Like quitting smoking. Force yourself to smoke so much you hate it.
ok seriously....maybe get some counselling.
Two things-
Promise God through prayer that you will cease looking at it on purpose. Request his help. It is unavoidable but looking on purpose is a sin. 
Count the days since you last saw it on purpose. Try to break your previous record constantly. I have set the new record so high now for myself, adding a day every day. Feels good. 
[deleted]
Stop trying to quit and let the holy spirit take out for you I just had to let Jesus Christ is grace  fall on me because there's no way Hunan strength can break chemical addictions like tht like Jesus said say yes or no to the father you can't love Jesus and porongraphy know you should also talk to people because I know how hard it can be if your trying to do it by your own will but trust me pray pray really cry your heart to God and just let him do the work for you he doesn't want you wasting your time watching that stuff I know you will fine God bless brother 
I'm currently going through this as well. I think the most noted thing to realize as in every bad habit is... You'll fall. But don't let that stop you. 
Definitely need an accountability partner and/or someone that you can open up to about it. It's definitely going to be hard to bring it up, but they're not going to judge you or scold you. They're there to help you and it will definitely be a time of encouragement and strengthening for you and whoever it is you may talk to. 
Afetr each fall:
1. recognize achievment ( even if its negative treat it as an achievment because it takes tons of effot)
2. Anilize triggers and get rid of all of them, even if it takes to shut down all internet and media
3. Find accountability partner (preferrably pastor or someone you trust). 
4. Stay in word and prayer, preferrably in bible group. 
5. Dont be afraid to fall, be afraid to be dragged to start again and again, just get up and continue what youve been doing. 

Most important - use Gods grace. He died for all sins including ones you struggling with. He will not get tired of saving you every time you fall, let him forgive you, let yourself to forgive you and keep working on yourself. build new good habbits. 
Jesus. 

Jesus will fix you. Don't try anything else. Get the Word into you. Get a bible app and earphones, set to the Message or NLT and listen. Start with Matthew, go right through the NT, you'll be surprised how long it doesn't take. You can devour and demistify whole chapters, when they come at you fast you can get a feel for the context. Write down key things that jump out at you 

And all the other basic stuff like filters etc

As you soak more in the Spirit, you will walk by the Spirit, and the desire to do evil and sin will loosen it's grip on you 

Jesus is the only way 

Also cut out all coffee, alcohol, junk food. Eat clean and exercise. 'The Daniel diet' - just eat veggies for a week see the difference.
Thanks, I appreciate that. Same to you, friend!
I will pray for you both. I agree, we all go through addictions throughout life. 

But this void you're speaking of, there is only one true void filler. This void was put in us purposely. Similar to the need for water and food naturally without being taught. We naturally long for something. Something real and powerful and everything else we attempt to fill it with leaves us empty still. This void is only filled by Jesus!!

And to the OP: Read the Bible. (Verses for addiction:  http://www.biblestudytools.com/topical-verses/bible-verses-about-addiction/ ) 
And read some Spurgeon books. That man was a spiritual gangster. 

Most importantly, if you are saved, you have the Holy Spirit! Ask the Holy Spirit to help you and guide you. Ask the Holy Spirit for clean thoughts constantly. 

And lastly, every morning, pray on the armor of God! This, my brother, is POWERFUL! Ephesians 6: 10-20

I pray for your strength on this journey! Amen!


These are great tactics but wont work (for long) without getting to the heart issue of why you desire porn. Before "promising" to God, seek His help, show Him that you desire to be set free. Pray that he would reveal to you the areas of your life leading you to this addiction. 

You can become free, there IS hope in Jesus!
Yep I'll second that, fasting burns up the glycogene (sugar) stores in your liver, then your body turns to fat for fuel. After you'll find you can think clearer and really question what nutrition you put in your body  

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starvation_response

But maybe only try for a half day or day first. You can get headaches as you have withdrawal symptoms etc, feel lightheaded etc

'Intermittnent fasting' is good

And respect to the guy above who can go weeks! 
Yes, Jesus is your strength, but know this addiction will not be fought by sitting still. There has to be action and growth. 
> Also cut out all coffee, alcohol, junk food. Eat clean and exercise. 'The Daniel diet' - just eat veggies for a week see the difference.

I'm super curious how that relates to a porn addiction. Have you or the readings you've done found that this helps in some way? The only way I can connect them is that they both involve discipline, but that's a pretty weak connection.
Is this a serious response? Yes. You need Jesus, but I'm sick of these answers that are basically summarized by "let go and let God." God will heal you, He will free you, but you have to act. You have to get help, get accountability, process through heart issues of why you are desiring this sin. You cannot do this without Jesus, but Jesus will not magically free you from porn because you simply asked. Your mind won't suddenly rewire. Ask. Act. And do the work that's involved. 

Also eating clean and exercising is great but doesn't have anything to do with this other than possibly replacing bad behavior with good behaviors. 
##Starvation response
Starvation response in animals is a set of adaptive biochemical and physiological changes that reduce metabolism in response to a lack of food.

Equivalent or closely related terms include famine response, starvation mode, famine mode, starvation resistance, starvation tolerance, adapted starvation, adaptive thermogenesis, fat adaptation, and metabolic adaptation.

Starvation contributes to tolerance during infection, as nutrients become limited when they are sequestered by host defenses and consumed by proliferating bacteria. One of the most important causes of starvation induced tolerance in vivo is biofilm growth, which occurs in many chronic infections. Starvation in biofilms is due to nutrient consumption by cells located on the periphery of biofilm clusters and by reduced diffusion of substrates through the biofilm.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Christian/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.2
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starvation_response
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^80058
Hello everyone. please support this young lady in going to college. She is asking for a chance for you to read her story and why she is depending on the wide society for help. She is really a caring individual who needs a shot. She is really just asking for a year of tuiton because she wants to be able to work hard in order to prove she can get an academic scholarship of excellence as someone who knows her, i dont think you will be waisting your time checking her story out. A lot of different businesses are on these sites asking for money with great ideas. I know she isnt promoting a business here. But this is an individual that takes pride in wanting to be somebody someday. So please go back her ...and send her to college https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/send-this-girl-to-college/x/14918972#/
Dear internet, My Grandpa has been worshiping idols for many years now and I feel like the idols now control him into having gambling problem and that the idols can bring him lots of money. For the most part 1/2 of my family doesn't worship idols or is Christian like me. What I'm asking for is to pray for him to get rid of his idols and become a Christian.
His name is Kock Chen (no joke). He also believes in Taoism and I'm pretty sure that he's possessed because all he talks about is his idols and how he'll have them bring good fortune cause he has been having "low luck".
                                      
        
                  Help me and please pray for my Grandpa.    to see the light of Jesus Christ and get rid of his idols, Sincerely Casey

                    P.S. Sorry for my grammer, I'm Chinese
I will pray for your grandpa and I will let it be known to others. One thing you can do is talk to your grandpa about our God, if you haven't. Tell him about the gospel and use scripture that speaks against idolatry, read Ezekiel, it speaks heavily about idols. But most importantly pray and let the Holy Spirit work in his life. Prayer is so powerful and pray with all your heart. Pray that your grandpa and your family may have an open heart and are willing to listen. Remember, it is not you that does the saving, it is our Father that does. Be patient and be sure to stay obedient yourself, God will work in your family - it's so amazing to hear you are Christian in a family that may not be, I will pray for you and your family. Noting that you are Chinese, my roommate is leaving in a few months for a year long mission trip in Taiwan! 
I feel like this is more gambling addiction than idol worship. He definitely uses the idols as an excuse though.   Get him professional help or another hobby. 

I have had this wonderful experience last week. I was not too sure what was going on, the only thing I can say is that I have a presence with me that I can feel almost all the time now. 

I was looking for Him so much and could not find Him, but I went to a prayer meeting last Wednesday and It just burned through me.

I feel like a different man. I was in a really sad mood a few weeks ago, I felt like God was quite far away from me, unreachable.... not anymore.

That's just amazing. I have a growing desire for His presence that is more addictive than wine. My life will never be the same again. 

Amen!!!
i had the same experience, or something similar on December 11 2014. I was reading the sermon in the mount for the first time too. 

It's weird. It's also very comforting. You no longer have to concern yourself with proving the divine, it just comes and fills your head briefly, so that's one anxiety gone. Neat. 
Happened to me a couple years back. Went to church that Sunday and re-dedicated my life to God and haven't looked back. That amazing feeling stuck with me for a few weeks. God gave me closure on the death of my mom 15 years prior. I remember hearing from God "I have been with you this whole time, you just did not realize it" What an amazing feeling. Great testimony!!
If what is in you is HS, then beware that the vast majority of 'Christians' in modern America will not be part of your experience going forward. Sure, they'll understand what you're saying from an abstract or theological point of view. They're common phrases, you know, being baptized or born again or even the holy spirit. But knowing God is very different from knowing about Him. Only one is eternal life. 

I've spent the last 5 years trying to figure out who to listen to, what to do, etc. Not saying you'll struggle like I did. I made my own choices. But there are so many voices all clamoring for your attention and money and energy and time. Only Jesus offers to give you rest, the others all want to make you work and let them rest. 

Those who follow Him will be hard to find for you. It will probably feel like you woke up from the Matrix, that you're in a post-apocalyptic world with people who think they know what's going on, but are all deeply clueless. False prophets and wolves. You will be repulsed by certain former friends and not realize why at the moment. You will find yourself confused between two different tracks, one that feels familiar, but one that is now deeper and unknown that will require faith to push forward in. You will fall, and you will get back up when you call on Him, and He will let you fall until you learn that He is the answer to everything that bothers you. It's that simple, that hard to get. For me it was. There are so many Christian lies. Avoid them. God will guide you, you're not on your own anymore.

Don't despair. Stick to Jesus. If He's really in you, stick with Him. Abide in the vine. Those who don't get cut off. Those who do have living water flowing through them.

Some voices to follow: Robert Lyte, Jan Boshoff, Alexey - a servant of God, Paul Washer, Brennan Manning, and Malachi Martin (all those guys have stuff on Youtube) and surprisingly enough I've been really liking Jim Caviezel and Bruce Marchiano. These guys have really helped me in what I've listened to, although the two actors at the end I don't know too well. In writing, I found "People of the Lie" by M Scott Peck to be powerful. Beware who you read, though. Follow the spirit now. 

All the best brother, if you are a brother, and the Spirit lives within your heart.
It's wonderful to realize (and sometimes even re-realize) that we have a God that is not only our Creator, but also our biggest fan.  He loves us only the way our Heavenly Father could.  When you love someone, you want to know as much as you can about that person.  I love my Father and Savior and want to spend time with them as much as I am able to. I'm glad you feel the same and want that desire to rub off on other Christians and non-Christians alike. 
<3
You are now saved!
The sermon on the mount should do anything but bring you to comfort. It should bring you to your knees crying out for mercy. It is a terrifying sermon. It makes "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God" look like child's play.
Thanks brother for those many references. Lately, I started reading Bill Johnson's "Hosting the Presence". That resonated well with me. 

I have had a very hard attack this week and it took me a full day to recover psychologically. I feel like the enemy is trying to make me feel condemned/beyond hope for things I've said. I had never cried this much before -- hours and hours. I emptied myself. I expressed my remorse/repentence towards Him, and some very good friends of mine supported me. Grace covers it all -- it's just that I was very weak in that moment. I did find a small community that fits the bill. I can count on God, and on them too.

The Spirit brings a lot of comfort, and, when I am not emotionally overwhelmed, confidence. I cannot live without Him anymore. 

It is a rocky road, just got to keep my eyes up. I'll stick to Jesus. No sin is above His blood shed for us.

I don't know you, but I love you. I'd give you a hug right now.

Sam
It's only terrifying to those who are bound in sin. Those who mourn, who aren't enslaved to riches and lusts, who kept close and connected to God instead of being devoted to religious perfectionism ... these ones are the blessed. Sounds like OP, if he walks the narrow way and avoids the cares of this life, will remain in the camp of those who can read that sermon on the mount and rejoice that God and his justice are real and incoming.
Some of Bill Johnson is I think good. He's gotten far too new agey for me. There are elements of his teaching that ... they indicate he is focused on manifestations and power of God, rather than knowing God. Just consult the holy spirit as you learn about Bill Johnson. I'm sure what you're reading is good for you, if it is helping you. 

I liked Bill before I looked up some of his more recent writings, and especially those of his wife. 

Never think you're weak for crying. It's actually a form of strength to express yourself in spite of misgivings to keep silent and suppressed. 

Always trust Jesus, if he has you now, he'll stick with you. 

Here's a hug back - Jimmy

How do you quote the bible on homosexuality? It mentions it directly once, in a code of activity which doesn't apply to non-jews. 
[removed]
Banned for Rule 5 violation.
*
I hope people know not to associate the actions of some Christians with Christianity as a whole. 

The Bible shows us how fallen we are and shows us how we can live better - it doesn't guarantee that we will.
Two psychopaths roll into town and put on white coats and stethoscopes and start rampaging through the streets.  Police kill them.  All over the media people are screaming about the doctors and all the doctors say, "Those two weren't *real* doctors!!"

*<Reddit> No true Scotsman fallacy!! :)*

This is what Christians deal with every day.
AMEN!  Well said.  We as Christians need to do a much better job of following Matthew 7:3  "And why worry about a speck in your brother's eye when you have a log in your own?"  and John 8:7 "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone."  I know I struggle with sin daily and would be a hypocrite if I condemned someone else for struggling as well.  I think our biggest problem is we have let our faith be hijacked by the talking heads on the television.  Reading the bible we see Jesus is all about forgiveness.  He did, however, condemn the Pharisees who burdened the people with religious doctrine and forgot the important aspects of Justice, Mercy, and Faithfullness.  Matthew 23.
I've been on Reddit for about a year and a half or so. One thing I can tell you is that people definitely lump all Christians together. That is one of the main arguments atheists present against Christianity.
> I hope people know not to associate the actions of some Christians with Christianity as a whole.

Yes and no. I don't believe in Platonic forms. I don't think that "Christianity" exists apart from Christians. There is no such thing as "ideal Christianity". All there is is what actual Christians, here in the real world, think and do. There is no way to judge Christianity except by the actions of Christians.

Now, Christians are a varied bunch, but some are clearly quite nasty, and in some cases, seem to be nasty *because* of their Christianity, not *despite* it.

(Similarly, with reference to remarks from /u/KarateCowboy below, I'm not very interested in how ISIS compare to Muhammed; I'm interested in how they compare to the majority of Muslims in the world today. Muhammed and Jesus don't really interest me. They both died a long time ago. It's their followers I'm worried about.)
Kind of depressing, considering it's not a good argument. "Christianity isn't true because I know this guy who was a Christian and wasn't like Christ."
[deleted]
>some are quite nasty

However, very many are incredible, generous, loving people *because* of their Christianity. The important thing is not to judge the many, or their belief system, due to the actions of a few.
And make sure to forget about the Crusades so our past doesn't look extreme 
Yes, I try not to judge the many by the few, but I *do* judge the belief system by the believers.
[deleted]
In which case you should look at the scores of great believers, not just the vocal bad ones.

You shouldnt judge a belief system by looking at people who dont follow their own beliefs.
> When you consider the motivation was to stop and reverse the Muslim theft of Christian lands ....

Oh, so *that* was why you sacked Byzantium?


I watched, and responded on r/Christian for over six months now. It's no secret that many if not just shy of all posts end up in drawn out debates. Has it resulted in salvation for anyone? Have we led anyone to the lord. You will know the strength of a tree by the fruit it bears, what fruit have we brought? I see so many Christians pour there heart out in apologetic typing walls of text to attempt to address the infinitely wide range of accusations coming from people whose entire knowledge of gods word is what they have turned up from what they've heard or searched on google. 

I don't know if logic can be used to appeal to man's spirit, but I know that testimony can. I know I was worthless before I found God, and I have a personal story to tell. We as believers in Jesus Christ, are called to testify. I would ask that other born again believers join me in leaving there testimony, because theirs a chance that someone out there might be just like you were.

I was 26 years old when God saved my soul, I'll never forget that day. I had not realized it before, how miserable I was. It's akin to having a disease your entire life that you couldn't possibly be aware of because it was always with you. I felt so tired, I remember that so well. Just so weary and worn and broken. My anxiety ever present, always with me like a knife that pressed in and withdrew at it's will. 

I didn't dwell on it, that was life it was how life was. I just had to get over it. I was so selfish, so self centered so consumed. I would give anything to be recognized. In conversations I had to be the smartest, I had to be the funniest. I was an intellectual, I thought so highly of myself. Of course I didn't think I was selfish, as I posted smug comments on the internet and refreshed the page over and over waiting for the veneration or opportunity for someone to reply and attempt to refute me. There always was, there are a lot of people like I was. 

I had relationships and I couldn't keep my eyes off other women. I had relationships with honest, beautiful human beings that I set aflame. I burned so many bridges, missed so many opportunities.

I never saw myself this way, we always comfort ourselves with self righteousness. We ever hand out our own forgiveness so easily. When your living day to day, playing video games all night going to work, going home, rinse and repeat. All of our evil just gets washed away by what we choose to consume ourselves in. Not all of us do drugs but we all have our addictions. I never took the time to sit back and think about collectively how wretched I was. If you had asked me I would tell you honestly that I was a good person, I care about people.

I wish in this testimony I could tell you I was an atheist and never knew about God or Jesus, the fact is I went to church frequently growing up. I believed when it was convenient for me, there were quite a few times when backing myself into a corner I gave the ol' prayer a hoot. I heard nothing, because I was nothing.

When I was 26 years old everything went wrong. God, did it ever. My wife and I left the house to go to the grocery store, within 45 minutes we got a call from our neighbor saying our house caught fire. It's one of those things where you panic inside but you tell yourself it's probably a small one. Maybe just one side, maybe it's outside of the house as I realized I was already in the car with the pedometer reaching 75 in a 40. My wife and I didn't have kids, but we had the next closest thing, a Boxer. I loved that dog with everything I was, that always sounds ridiculous to people who aren't dog people. Just know I loved him and I still miss him to this day. Details aren't necessary. My Dog was gone, My house was gone everything I had and worshiped gone. 

I dwelt in that feeling you get after tragedy, in my new manufactured home we closed on two weeks later on the new couch my insurance company paid for, looking at a 70 inch 4k TV I bought with the insurance money. All new furniture. All new stuff. I missed my dog. I missed my old house and I started to do something I had not done in a long time but needed to do. I started to think about me, I started to hate me. I wanted to ask 'why god' but I knew the answer. I deserved everything that happened to me and worse. After thinking about myself and all that's happened the path my life has taken all I could say was 'I'm so sorry" and I cried. I cried out to God like I never have before and he heard me, and thank god Almighty he saved me. It was only at my lowest point, at the bottom of the filthy pit that god reached in and saved me. He got his hands filthy doing so.


I woke up the next morning a different person. I told my wife what happened, we cried, we decided we needed to go to church. Everything that happened during that period was automatic, I no longer had the desire to do any of the things I used to. It wasn't me beings self righteous and abstaining, I just had not the will to do any of the useless things, I had a zeal of god a spiritual hunger that cannot explain with words. I started reading gods word. I ended up going to three different churches and all of them were just dead, prosperity preaching garbage.

Frustrated, I prayed for god to show me the way to him. It wasn't even the next day looking at you tube videos on god, that I found a Church called Temple Baptist Church, with a preacher called Charles Lawson. Considering that I had just been binge watching false prophet videos I was more wary then usual especially since his church posted videos online, I expected a megachurch. What I got was a single small little southern church in Tennessee, with an older preacher just trying to get the word of god out on the internet to try and reach kids these days.

I found my man, This man knew the word of god. He spoke to my soul. I learned what happened to me. I learned I was born again, and that I had the spirit of god in me.. It was just beginning.

What about now? what has it done for me?

I know the meaning of joy in my life, God has blessed me so much. Where I had money problems before, I'm always provided for, just so blessed. I LOVE my wife, she has never looked so beautiful to me. Were going on six years now and our love has never been stronger. I'm so happy. I just laugh so much now. When people speak, I listen instead of thinking of a response while acknowledging what there saying. I have more friends, more laughs. More more and more. God gives the increase and best of all he fixed my soul. I feel complete everyday. When I pray I feel that I'm communing with him and I know he hears me and he loves me. I love so easily now, I know what loving your neighbor means. I want happiness, Peace and Joy words I never knew the meaning of, for all to whom I can reach.

It's an easy thing to pick apart, belief that is. This is my testimony In God's name. You may tear it apart and tear me apart if you wish, but I hope I reach someone.

In Jesus name, God bless you all.



This speaks to my soul. As an Atheist who has recently found God, I just now realize how wretched I was. The church i was guided to my God is amazing and the Pastor has truly changed my life. Everyone there is so loving. Amen brother ❤️
I enjoy Charles Lawson's preaching, and your testimony is a great encouragement, brother. God bless you as well.
This is so great - thank you so much. Your testimony is so comforting and liberating. There is so much freedom in your words & how you describe your relationship with God. Its my hope and prayer that more Christians share thier testimonies in the same way with the same expectations. 
There is nothing that brings me more joy or impresses me more then to hear the testimony of someone who finds faith, when they had no roots in faith. I'm so glad you found a loving church there as precious and rare as a faithful husband or wife. I admire your strength, the current is very strong in the other direction and the gate is narrow, you likely faced more doubts and trials then most. May your faith and blessing grow without ceasing.
I appreciate this greatly brother.
Mabel, thanks for YOUR heartwarming words and taking the time to leave a comment. We all face the same doubts I have the same hope that people will share their testimonies.



I quite liked his answer, though I'm not sure why you've framed it was "against feminism". It seems to me that Ravi has just painted God as a feminist. 
I think you missed the point, it's complete equality for both men and women, no discrimination, no sexism, no feminism, all are equal and neither have power or authority over the other. 

* **Galatians 3:26-29**) "*For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus. And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.*"
No no, I agree with what Ravi is saying and I agree with Galatians 3! I'm just curious as to why it's being phrased as "against feminism" since it seems to agree with feminism, which is supposed to be about complete equality for both men and women with no discrimination and no sexism. Now granted, 3rd wave feminism is more akin to misandry, but that's not what most people think of when they hear "against feminism". They hear "women shouldn't be allowed to vote or drive cars!" Is that a fair distinction?
I just don't like the word "feminism" because it attributes a form or sense of subjugation that is being fought against, thus that word itself technically is unbiblical. He's not so much as agreeing with it as he is defining the biblical view and teaching to dismiss that word and it's mentality. Feminism is a linear word that defines only one genders values, but in Christ all have equal value, thus biblically we should not use single gender linear terms. 
tractgildart is right, this is a defense of feminism. The word isn't unbiblical, it's a term we made up to describe exactly what is being described in that video.
I get that, I'm just coming at it from the aspect where it is seldom used as what Ravi is describing, it's primarily used for more than that if not as a calling term for superiority and not equality.
It is almost always used in the way Ravi is describing. As evidence, take a look at the Wikipedia entry on feminism or the dictionary.com definition.

I have never heard a feminist argue that women should be paid more than men, rather that they should be paid the same. I have never heard a feminist argue that women should be allowed to sexually harass men but not vice versa, rather that no one should be sexually harassed.

The word feminist is nearly always used in exactly the way Ravi is using it.

Don't think of God as being number one on your list. That's too small for God. Think of God as the paper the list is written on. 
This is the greatest fight that one could ever seek. There's no easy road, there's no ritual, no secret, just an undying need to give up n everything and to put yourself in the complete control of God. The bringing about of the death of your desires and replacing them with the will of God. A true battle of death to self, crucifying the flesh, a constant struggle of the wills, unceasing prayer, fastings, and a deep unyielding desire and yearning to strive for the mastery of the high calling of God over your own life. A fight that literally never ends until absent from the body and present with the Lord.
It takes diligence. One thing that is good to do is to put God first place in your day, by getting by an hour early to pray.
Giving thanks and glory to Him always. Without Him,, nothing you do or have matters. 
How can you get him off your mind?
Yes! God should be allowed in every moment because he *built* every moment.
I'm going to use this quote often now. Thank you.
That's good!
Amen

We are to pray for others, asking God to help and guide. We are not to curse or judge others, but whatever God says the enemy will try to push for the opposite. 
Already praying for him. However it is worth looking at the "spell" (and you should take no harm from looking, and I am not in any way suggesting that you use it). They don't attempt to curse him.  Curiously, they recite the 23rd Psalm as part of the ritual. 
Reciting scripture in a witches spell is blasphemy, and thus the purpose of the usage. Using scripture in satanic rituals is a slap and spit in the face of God, and therein resides the power of witchcraft by honoring the devilish powers they then grant you your request. 


I do think you'd be hard pressed to call an incantation attempting to limit his effect and influence anything but a curse. Very curious indeed that they would use the 23rd psalm.
And how does this relate to my point that they are not attempting to curse him?

BTW, I am very dubious of the suggestion that there is any power to be had in witchcraft.
Perhaps they twist it?
"The Lord is Donald Trump's shepherd, therefore he shall not want to do anything."
Why would that be? 

Since the devil and his demons are powerful, why would they not grant powers to those who serve them? Take jannes and jambres the head sorcerers of Pharaoh, they were able to summon power to withstand Moses. But what is learned is that God is more powerful. 

Witchcraft is just servitude to demonic forces for the return of blessings from the demonic spirits.

Also, anything that is done to hinder an individual and is not a blessing, is a curse upon them. 

[deleted]
Did you mean to post a Hillsong video?
1 John 3:6 "No one who abides in him keeps on sinning; no one who keeps on sinning has either seen him or known him."

1 John 2:4 "If anyone says, "I know Him," but does not keep His commandments, he is a liar, and the truth is not in him."

John 8:51 "Truly, truly, I tell you, if anyone keeps My word, he will never see death."

There is an important aspect of being obedient to Jesus, as being evidence that you have believed AND LIVED in Jesus.

John 14:16-17 "If you love Me, you will keep My commandments. And I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Advocate to be with you forever — the Spirit of truth. The world cannot receive Him, because it neither sees Him nor knows Him. But you do know Him, for He abides with you and He will be in you."

Let the Holy Spirit be your advocate and guide.  May he strengthen you so that you may walk as a faithful disciple of the Lord who gave himself up to the cross, that you might know the love of God.
Please don't mistake His grace and misplace your faith in complacency and sin.  Instead allow His gift of mercy and love to set you free from your life of sin.  Jesus gives us the opportunity to live in the righteousness of God, and that is a gift. 

>  He has paid the price in full for your sins, and God is no longer angry at you, even when you sin.

So, how exactly does that work? God doesn't *forgive* (the *canceling* of a debt), he just agrees to not be angry with us anymore if someone pays the price? So Jesus pays (but, does this mean that God paid himself?). So God takes out his wrath on Jesus, and then he's cool with us, no matter what? I mean, so long as he got to vent his anger, it's all good now?
[deleted]
>All His wrath was unleashed on the Son, so that all who sin would be given the gift of righteousness by faith.

So you believe it is "justice" that an innocent person endures the wrath of the Ultimate Authority on behalf of guilty people, and as a result of pouring out his wrath on the innocent person, that authority's wrath is somehow abated toward the rest? If you were to meet a human being - say, a judge - who acted in this manner, you wouldn't say they were "good," you would say they are unjust, and demented to think that what they were doing was OK. You would run as far as you could from them. 
[deleted]
Can you show me one single place where Jesus or the Apostles said anything close to, "I [Jesus] am enduring the wrath of God so he will forgive you of your sins"?

>The justice of God is not the same as the justice of men.

If words don't mean the same with God as they mean with us, then any talk of God is meaningless. I believe justice is justice, whomever it is applied to - God, or man. Also, when God says, "My ways are not your ways..." he is talking about how *merciful* he is, not about justice.
[deleted]
1 Timothy 2:5-6 For there is one God and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus, who gave Himself a ransom for all
We're not talking about someone offering money. We're talking about someone offering their life, in order to *appease* an angry God. This is paganism, not Christianity.
Not sure what your point is with quoting this verse. If it is in response to my question...

>Can you show me one single place where Jesus or the Apostles said anything close to, "I [Jesus] am enduring the wrath of God so he will forgive you of your sins"?

...then the verse you posted says nothing at all about Jesus enduring God's wrath.
[deleted]
If the penalty for my sins is hell, and if Jesus paid the penalty, then why isn't he in hell?

So, back to my question - you can't show me anywhere in the words of Jesus or the Apostles saying anything about Jesus enduring the wrath of God so he would forgive us?

EDIT: You wrote,

>The Lamb of God is the only one in this life who can pay the price for your sins.

Why does someone have to pay? Why can't God just forgive? And is it even true forgiveness if someone has paid?
> you will find yourself gnashing your teeth in regret for refusing God's sacrifice for your sins.

So God punished himself?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Appeasement" is a pagan definition for the Greek word *hilasterion*, not a Christian or Jewish one. The one true God isn't petty enough to need appeasing; that's what the pagan gods were all about.
I LOVE every one of those verses. I totally believe every one of them.

Not one of them says anything whatsoever about Jesus "paying" for our sins, or enduring God's wrath so that God could forgive us.
[deleted]
This says NOTHING WHATSOEVER about payment, punishment, or wrath.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Again, it says NOTHING about Jesus enduring God's wrath so that God could forgive us; nor does it say anything about Jesus' sacrifice *appeasing* an angry God.
It may be of interest to you (or maybe not) that the words, "from God's" are not in the original text.
Totally agree. Nothing here about him appeasing God or enduring God's wrath.
Beautiful text. Nothing here about him suffering the wrath of the Father, or of God demanding payment before he forgives (contrary to how he taught us in regard to forgiving others).
Lovely. Also, nothing about him being tortured by God so we could be forgiven.
What the Bible says: "having canceled the charge of our legal indebtedness."

What you said: "The Lamb of God is the payment for sins."

So, which is it - were our debts *canceled* or were our debts *paid* by someone else?

Because the Bible says our debts were canceled, not paid by someone else.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes to all those questions. 
>I'm not understanding the difference. Can you explain further.

I'm going to send you a PM.

>So if God has said "cancelled" and has said "ransom", why do you still say not paid.

Ransom is what you pay for a hostage; was God the Father holding us hostage and the Son paid the ransom?

Yes, GOD HIMSELF has ransomed us; bought us, paid the price of his life, and canceled the debt against us. But the Son didn't pay the Father anything. This would be juxtaposing the Father and the Son, and we know that doesn't work. God is ONE.

[deleted]
[deleted]
He was crucified to take away the sins of the world, to defeat sin, death and hell, and to rise again giving us new life.
He paid in the sense that he *gave* his life - not *to* someone, but *for* us. If I jumped in front of a bus to save my granddaughter, pushed her out of the way and I was killed in her place, I bought her life with mine, so to speak. But I didn't actually *pay* anyone. When Jesus sacrificed his life on the cross, it wasn't to appease an angry Father. It was the Father's LOVE for us that sent Jesus to the cross (John 3.16). It was the Father's idea. 

Jesus' death also wasn't in order to endure the wrath of God on our behalf - the Scripture specifically *forbids* punishing one person for the sins/crimes of another person. And that kind of thing can in no way be called "justice." 

And, if Jesus "paid" for our sins, then the Father didn't actually *forgive* our sins, because forgiveness is the canceling of debt, not the shifting of payment to someone else.


[deleted]
In the O.T. God's primary disposition was to forgive - that's what he revealed about himself when he showed Moses the backside of his glory. All through the O.T. God forgave sins. God loves sinners in the O.T. as well. He endures with Israel for generation after generation although they kept sinning. 

God's anger is toward SIN, not specifically toward SINNERS. And in Christ, God came among us to destroy sin itself; to destroy the disease, but to heal humanity - the patient inflicted with the disease.
[deleted]
Good discussion here. 

>This is a logical earthly legal consequence system.

Yes, mandated by God; the command of God to the people of Israel. And a reflection of how God himself is; we are to be like our Father in heaven. He wouldn't tell us to do one thing while he himself does the opposite. For example, he wouldn't teach us to forgive 70x7 a day and yet himself insist on payment/punishment *before* forgiving.

>In contrast, if your father engages in unsafe sexual behavior...The son would be punished in a sense for his fathers sin.

This is a MUCH better picture of sin - it is a spiritual disease we have inherited from Adam. But it isn't *punishment*, it is consequences. God isn't saying, "You know what, Adam sinned, so I'm going to *punish* all of his descendants; that'll show him!" No, the spiritual disease of sin entered into the world through Adam, and we all have the disease; Jesus came to heal us.

>So God demonstrates consequences (or punishments)

I would suggest that consequences and punishment aren't always the same thing.

>The Father, the Spirit, and the Word are not interchangeable.

Whatever else we say about the Trinity, we have to begin with this: "The Lord is ONE." Period. We can say nothing contrary to this. The Trinity isn't three distinct beings, each with a different thought process, different agenda, different essence. There is one God (not that you're interested, but I also wrote a book on the Trinity which delves into this more). The Father's heart is love and forgiveness, not retribution. If you want to know what the Father is like, look at Jesus. The disciples came and said, "Show us the Father," and Jesus said, "If you've seen me, you've seen the Father." There aren't two different attitudes going on here - kind of mean-God/nice-God. God is one, and he is Love. Jesus didn't come to save us from the Father; he came to save us from sin.

[deleted]
:) Thanks. It's been a good discussion. Give my book a read!
Hey everyone. So I was saved about 9 months ago and masturbation was a HUGE problem of mine beforehand and a month or two after being saved. I've been on a 7 month 'streak' so to speak but I, well I just now broke that. I knew what I was doing was wrong and am so afraid of what God thinks of me right now and am honestly disappointed and disgusted in myself. I feel I've dishonored both God, my body, and my girlfriend. I just feel hopeless that I did it and that I'm so weak in the late hours of the night. I know this may be weird to post on the Internet but please pray for me. I believe anyone can pray for anyone and anything, so please, just pray I remain steadfast and strong in my endeavor of pursuing God and blocking all sin out. Thanks everyone. 
I'll pray for you. I'm going the exact same thing as you (only slightly worse) and feel the same way. Stay strong as the end isn't very far away.
God loves you.
I know that may seem like the "whatever" answer.
But for real God loves you. He loves you desperately even when you sin.. He is passionately in love with you. I don't know if you have kids but I just had my first and when I look at my son.. He messes up and does stupid things but I love him so much.
The bible says God is our father. He is a good father (not always like the ones we have on earth) he is sad when your sin comes between you and him.
But his love breaks through everything
Romans 8:31-39
If you're looking for a support group with this issue there is /r/nofapchristians, but that disgust and guilt you feel is a good thing. It shows that you have a strong relationship with the Lord and that you feel the Holy Spirit in your life. This is very important as the Bible talks about the way a heart is hardened. When a person knows to do right but just says "Whatever!" and does what they want anyway it begins to harden their heart to the Holy Spirit which can inevitably numb them to Him. 

 If you can hear the Spirit convicting you, don't resist: "Today if you hear His voice, do not harden your heart" (Hebrews 3:7-8, 15; 4:7) Resisting the Holy Spirit is very dangerous because it leads to a hardening of the heart, and a person becomes less and less open to the Spirit's promptings and convictions. Paul warned: "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God" (Ephesians 4:30); and he also said that some have their "conscience seared with a hot iron" (1 Timothy 4:2). (Source:http://www.wordoftruthradio.com/questions/52.html)

Just remember, Jesus loves you enough to sacrifice for your sins and you are blessed with eternal grace, so confess, repent of your brokenness, and pursue the Lord (which means to abide in Him (John 15-17). Its a cycle that is never completed till the moment we are with the Servant. 

Thanks a lot! 
Thanks so much man, this was encouraging to read! I'm actually only 20 but am in a serious, Godly, relationship. Thanks dude. Everytime I see a father with a son it makes me excited to have one! 
Thanks so much man. Really! 
You're very welcome. :)
So just thought I would share my happiness in what happened tonight.  I put on my first event for my new youth group (new to the area, brought on as Associate Pastor a few weeks ago) and it was great!  It was virtually stress free and when thinking back on all my other events I've done at previous churches, this was easiest to pull off due to the fantastic volunteers that stepped up to do their part.

Praise God.  I was apprehensive earlier this week but it all came together smoothly. We had 35 kids show up (19 came last week) and a bunch of the new kids came up to me afterwards saying they had a great time and were looking forward to coming back next week.

All in all, it was a good use of a Cake Day.
TL;DR - http://i.imgur.com/60QFuZK.png
Dude, without my youth pastors, I have no idea where I'd be in my faith today. It takes a very grounded, patient, and compassionate person. Congrats.
Nice work.
Kids can be the hardest to please.  So glad your event went well and your group is growing!  And happy cake day!
Enjoy your new life, God is definitely watching over you and your family.
Haha, congrats, man. How did you get the job? Did you go to seminary and all that stuff?
Bible College.  Holding off on Seminary for now at least - it's crazy expensive.  I have a double bachelors degree in Biblical Studies and Youth Ministry and have served in other churches.  This is my first full time position after graduating last winter.  

I applied for it (along with 9 other churches across the country), had 3 interviews, met with the leadership of the church, and then was brought on board - everyone has been really awesome and have welcomed my wife and I with open arms.
That's awesome to hear, man.
Praise God! Praise Report.

Someone gave me $200 to pay for my SEVIS to process my M-1 visa. Huhuhu. Just in time. Received my I-20 form on June 23 and then before the day ends, a friend called me that God spoke to her to give me $200, a birthday gift from her Auntie. Praise God. You are Almighty God!

Another concern was to pay for $160 to apply for M-1 Visa application and be interviewed by the Consul. Woooaaaah. Another person sent by God, she told me to she willl pay for it. Hallelujah!

Please pray for me for my US Visa interview next week!


If you are led to partner with me, kindly click the link below.
https://gogetfunding.com/janices-bssm-ministry-school-fund/


God bless you more as you give.


Thank you so much!
This has reminded me that, through faith, God really can do anything. We forget that too often
Thank you for partnering with me! God bless you more as you give. 
Yes! 

for we walk by faith, not by sight [living our lives in a manner consistent with our confident belief in God’s promises]--
2 CORINTHIANS 5:7 AMP. 

Faith provides eyes for the heart. 💕
Oh how God love us so much! 

Thank you for reading my testimony. God bless you more!
Please pray for me, I have an interview this coming Tuesday. Thank you! God bless you!
Hello fellow Christians of Reddit.

I need sound advice with how to deal with my mom with regards to the Apocalypse. Everytime there would be disasters or something not good going on between countries she would actually make us or force us to stop what we are doing (school, work, etc...) and when we resist she would get mad at us and call me rebellious for not grabbing the next flight back home to the country side where she thinks we can all be safe. 

I remember two years ago, she was so consumed with things that she is watching on YouTube about conspiracy theories or these prophecies about how the end of the world and the rapture. I don't know the exact links to the videos but I remember several of them argued that an asteroid will hit the earth somewhere around the month of October. She made me skip my job interview, made my brother skip a semester of schooling, and made my dad put the business to a halt. So we waited and waited and waited, nothing came. That really annoyed me too much to the point of me rejecting what she has been teaching us (my mothers side of the family) every Bible Studies.

It's really getting on my nerves, and I am so embarrassed for my dad that everytime my mom would get argumentative and ballistic on someone, including me, he would actually take his time to apologize on my moms behalf.

I cannot blame her now for acting this way, eversince I moved to UAE her ballistic level went from 1000 to 999999++. I know she's just worried but it is putting a heavy strain on our relationship.
From a Biblical perspective, when the rapture happens that's it for a while. If she truly believes in Gods word then she needs to study it more deeply and get a better grasp of what it's saying. If she is truly saved then the rapture is the next big event to look forward too. Those who are sealed on Christ will be raptured and those who are not will be on earth for 7 years of tribulation. If she is saved and so are you and your siblings, dad, etc then she's got nothing to worry about. A world ending meteorite isn't going to hit earth before the rapture. After the rapture, if you all are saved, you won't be on earth anymore so nothing to worry about. YouTube has some weird stuff and tons of false teachings. She should really check out Dan Goodwin, he's got some sound, Biblical teaching on eschatology (study of the end times). 

If you, your siblings, dad, etc are not truly born again then that's why she's freaking out maybe. But being at home isn't going to keep you safe. You need to repent and trust in Christ alone for salvation and he will deliver you from the tribulation period and hell. 

The days and times in which we live in certainly give signs of the rapture and the second cooking of Christ but no man knows the day or the hour and the Bible says the rapture will come lions thief in the night. So when she hears about these things that are going to happen it doesn't mean the rapture is coming. We should always be prepared and ready for it to happen but cannot live Ailey around that.

There was a family who had their kids taken away because they were just sitting at home and not eating or feeding the kids because they thought the rapture was going to happen st any second. There's a balance to being spiritually prepared and taking it way too far. 
"The grasshopper will become a burden" is what the Bible says will happen to the elderly in their old age, meaning everything small and big will rob them of peace and become a worrisome issue. 

My parents are worriers too, not quite like your mom, but it does get annoying sometimes. What I like to try to do is focus the whole thing on prayer, the grace of God, and the fact that regardless what happens we are sealed by God and will live with Him for eternity. 

One of the other things I've come to realize in my work as a Minister is that the enemy likes to pick off the old and young especially with more....emotional trials. The elderly more so in ramping up and driving them to a level of worry that is beyond natural sometimes. What I do is pray with them and in the name of Christ I rebuke the worry and fear and I have found immense changes in their attitude and behavior. The power of Christ is real, and even if it is not of the enemy and it's just of the flesh and selfs building up of anxiety, the power of Christ can change it and affect it for the better.

Scripture says to "**cast all your cares upon Christ**" and it teaches that fretting, worrying, fear, and doubt are sinful reactions of the flesh. The one greatest issue and trials of human life is the pain of anxiety, stress, fear, depression, and discouragement. And why is that? How does this happen? 
 
Stress and depression, the ultimate outcome of all the other issues, is a daily compilement of our worries and problems. An adding to the pile of worries every day to create a great burden of stress and depression. This is what the human mind does, it refuses to let go of that which causes us mental stress and pain. This mortal flesh is our greatest enemy, yet it is our earthly dwelling, and yet it seeks to destroy itself through hanging on to all that which causes it grief. It’s illogical, senseless, and downright stupid but yet we do it willingly to ourselves every day all day long. 
 
Where can we find relief from all this? We find it in a choice that is made every single day, but oftentimes we choose not to follow through with the relief. 
 
We call them our “**Daily Devotions**”, indicating that it’s a choice and a desire to serve and devote our worship to the Lord each and every individual day. Our Daily Bread, the Word of God, is chosen to be served in our lives each morning. Why is it that it’s worded that way? Why is it not just a continuation from each day to the next, instead of a new beginning every day?
 
* **Luke 9:23**) "*And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.*" 
 
To renounce oneself daily, due to the corruption of the flesh, upon waking there is yet again a choice made to walk with God in this new day. And yet why is it that we make the choice daily, Scripture says that His mercies endure forever, that He will never leave us nor forsake us. He is always by our side and the Spirit of God lives within us, so why is it to be a renewal every day?
 
* **Lamentations 3:22-23**) "*It is of the LORD'S mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not. They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.*" 
 
The old is past, the new has come, each day is new and is a time of renewed life. The mercies of God are for each day, as we have no idea what is going to come or happen. Our life is a vapor that billows in the wind, and by the mercies of God we are not destroyed or blown away by the onslaught of sin. Each day is a new battle and the war is waged every morning, and we are to forget the past and push ever onward each and every dawn. 
 
* **Matthew 6:34**) "*Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.*" 
 
* **Philippians 3:13-14**) "*Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.*" 
 
God forgets the past, forgives our sin, and washes clean and bright each and every day. The past only lives in our minds and worries, and we are told to forget them and live alone in Christ. He seals our minds and hearts with His strength and power, He shields our lives and takes vengeance upon our enemies, and He is infinite in forgiveness and mercy and is desiring to start anew each and every day. 
 
Each day should be like the first day with the Lord, energized to serve and worship and walk with Him. Our minds picture a long and endless road that the Lord helps us to walk, but in reality it is a short one that starts over every day. Renew your life, forget the past, and wake up each morning looking forward to a new journey, a new life, a new beginning, and a new walk with God refreshed all new and bright by His power and mercies.
 
* **Isaiah 43:18**) "*Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old.*" 
 
* **Isaiah 43:25**) "*I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins.*" 
 
* **Hebrews 8:12**) "*For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.*" 
 
All our troubles should be forgotten, all that pains us let loosed, and that which troubles our minds should be cast upon Him that is able to care for and bear our burdens. 
 
* **1Peter 5:7**) "*Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.*" 
 
* **Psalms 55:22**) "*Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.*" 
 
* **1John 1:9**) "*If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.*" 
 
Cleansed from all unrighteousness, all that which is not of God. All our sins washed away, all our stress removed, all our burdens lifted, and nothing to be worried of…..is the outcome of a proper choice that is made if we are willing to make it. 
 
This is the offer of God, but most times we desire to hold on to our worries because we love to worry, love to fret, love to fear, love to build up this great fortress of fear and doubt. We build this massive construct of worries with hallways and rooms of made up issues in our mind, thinking of possible outcomes of mistakes we made, looking to the future and playing almost a psychic game of personal fears. 
 
But God said to forget the past.

But God said to live for today.
 
But God said to leave your cares and burdens with Him.
 
***But God said…***
 
* **Matthew 6:30-34**) "*Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith? Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.*" 
 
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. The evils of each day exist only for that day, because His mercies cleanse each and every morning, therefore forget the past and look not to the future, but live for this day. 
-------------
 
This is what God says, but are we going to obey it? The choice is yours to make in the morning.

~God Bless







I really wish I had an answer for you. It sounds like there's a high probability your mother has mental health issues. But she won't get any help will she? So, there's probably nothing you can do but pray for her. Having said that, prayer is quite powerful, don't be surprised if through praying for her, you see her slowly start to shift in a more positive direction.
Have you asked her if she doesn't believe the scripture verses that tell us not to worry.  I get it though, my mom is a professional worrier too.
A difficult one to answer, but maybe either 
- school yourself up on the Word, to the point where you can tell her that the rapture won't be for a while, and that many other signs, including the abomination of desolation, will come first 
Or 
- point her in the direction of endtime.com. They believe and teach the next prophecies to be fulfilled will be a peace agreement between Israel and Palestine (and look what's happening in the news), and WW3 (the third trumpet war). It's very interesting stuff, how they arrive at this conclusion. But I still don't put 100% stock in their teachings, until one or the other happens. But I do put 100% stock in the Bible and in Jesus Christ. Maybe begin some sort of bible study with her? Take the focus away from end times and onto Jesus Christ
It's literary robbing us joy, and everytime I do not agree with her, or state another Bible verse, she would straight up tell me I'm rebellious...

There was also one time she got super mad at me for arguing about the asteroid, she actually called me the Devil himself... LOL.
My dad is a doctor and has been respectfully suggesting her to take some medications for balancing the hormones, she's in her menopausal stage. Everytime my dad would tell her to take medications she would just tell him in an insulting manner "in Jesus Name, I am healed"....
If I ask her that, expect to be slapped and be thrown a lot of Bible versus.. or maybe just the Bible itself.. Hahahaha.. JK. But jokes aside, if I ask her that, she will screw me up with tons of other verses.
She leads a Bible Study back at home... My cousins tell me she becomes quite scary when teaching the end times. Every Bible study, same theme.
She leads a Bible Study back at home... My cousins tell me she becomes quite scary when teaching the end times. Every Bible study, same theme.
I'm sorry for this. Sounds like a really tough situation. I definitely don't have all the answers and will not solve your issue here, but like the other commenter said, prayer works. That doesn't mean you'll get everything you've ever wanted because your prayer should be in seeing God's will accomplished. But God has a master plan, so be faithful in serving him and ask for his guidance in you conversations with your mother and he will see it through. Know that God works all thing for good, for those who love him and are called by him (paraphrased Romans 8:28). 
She is also probably watching liberal news stations all day. My dad watched Glenn Beck constantly and he was a wreck. Luckily, getting him out of the house more fixed him. 
> she would just tell him in an insulting manner "in Jesus Name, I am healed"....

this sounds very flippant and disrespectful, I'd be watchful and prayerful over this, because this "sounds" very wrong. From your post, your comments, and now this I would tend to possibly lean towards a spiritual oppression that is causing immense emotional outbursts and bad attitudes. It is completely possible that it could be hormonal and of "natural means", but all this combined with the disrespect of Biblical things like that, it's also completely possible to have an attack of the enemy upon her mind. 

Pray over her regularly and rebuke these emotional issues and worries in the name of Christ, and see what changes that brings. Keep yourself close to the Lord yourself, because if it is spiritual and you are attacking it, they will turn and try to affect you to stop you from breaking their foothold.

for any further information please visit /r/TheArmorofGod, it's a Sub designated to these kinds of circumstances.  
Too much "blab it grab it" preaching poisoning her soul.

Have her read James 1 and Philippians 4, and ponder if she's really resting in God
Hello community,

You may have noticed that a couple things around the sub have changed in the past week. I'm working on revamping the rules so that we can have a more coherent understanding of what this sub is for and what is and isn't acceptable here. I would like community input on this, so I'll be posting the current rules and then we can discuss them, as well as any proposed additions.

For anyone wondering about the "looking for mods" post: I realized that we should establish a bit of a vision before trying to bring people into leadership. I'll revisit the mod question in a couple weeks when we've had some time to talk about what this sub is for.

Feel free to comment with your own rules additions, changes, or removals, but try to use numbers in your post that correspond to the current rules (or the additions proposed in the thread) so that the debate can be easily followed. I will be posting the current rules without comment, and then making my own ideas in the comment section. Please upvote ideas you like.

1. Behave and discuss with charity. We are all Christians here, and we are responsible to the Lord for how we treat one another, even online.

2. Do not advocate or argue for things considered sin or that there is no such thing as sin. This is to prohibit the tempting of anyone who is struggling with a problem and posting here for advice. That said, the internet is not the first place we should go for spiritual help, as results can be mixed and confusing.

3. Anti-Christian rhetoric, mocking or insulting religion or the faithful, ad-hominem attacks, and inflammatory language are prohibited. As are submissions meeting these same criteria. Other types of prejudice, i.e. racism, are easily going to venture into these same criteria, so consider yourselves warned and discuss such these "other" things maturely and professionally without causing scandal by advocating them.

4. De-railing discussions, inciting conflict, and dragging down discussions with contrary views are prohibited. This subreddit is intended as a haven away from those things. This is not intended to prohibit debate, but if you seek debate, do so with charity and perhaps extend an invitation first, i.e. "would you care to debate this point?".

5. Trolls and spammers will be banned.

6. Do not bother to post here what belongs in r/atheism, the debate subreddits, or other places.
1. You'll note that I've already added *"We are all Christians here, and we are responsible to the Lord for how we treat one another, even online"* to this rule. I believed this was important for the sake of clarifying what was meant by behaving and discussing with charity. I sincerely believe that we are to be known by how we love, and online is no different.

2. I'm a little concerned about this rule only because it has the potential to be misused. There are many things that are commonly considered sin that are not actually named as such in the Bible (for example, gambling, masturbation, etc). This is not to say that there isn't a case for calling these things sin, but because they are not "closed" discussions, I'm hesitant to empower people to report on questions like this. Part of me thinks this rule could simply be collapsed and combined with something else, but I'm eager to hear the community's thoughts.

3. This is probably the defining rule of the subreddit, but isn't actually spoken very well. We want to be clear that r/Christian is a subreddit for Christians, and not a center for debating religion itself (though I have no issue with "in house" debates happening here). Maybe this needs to be expanded, or at least moved higher up the list.

4. This doesn't strike me as a good rule. I feel like this is covered under the "Christian conduct" rule 1. What do you feel the point of this rule is, and do you think there's a better way we could communicate it?

5. Fairly straightforward, not actually sure we need to put this as a rule. 

6. Kind of a rehash of rule 3

7. (more of a discussion point than a rule suggestion, though the discussion will spawn a rule suggestion) How do we feel about posts for a) prayer requests b) fundraising c) blog promotion? Would we do better to have weekly or monthly mega-threads for these topics?

8. I'd like to propose a rule that we not allow link posts. All posts must come with at least a text explanation of what the link is and why you thought this was a good thing to bring to the community's attention, and maybe the poster's opinion on it. Not that this would be a strict sort of thing, but it may be better than having a bunch of "and what do you think about this" questions at the start of a thread.
Here's a Rule listing that I believe would fit /r/Christian, I hope it reflects and adheres to the demographic and beliefs of those in this Sub. 

--------------
--------------

#/r/Christian Sub Rules

**Titus 2:12**) "*Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;*"

* **Rule #1**) - **Regarding Trolling** - Please keep all discussions civil, NO bashing or mocking of others or their opinions will be tolerated and this includes Trolling. Failure to follow the rules through disrespect or rude or crude behavior will result in having your posts or comments deleted. Any further breach of conduct will result in being banned.

-------------------------

* **Rule #2**) - **Regarding Discussions** -Posts in this Sub are not for fighting or arguing opinions and controversial topics. Failure to follow this will result in your posts and comments being deleted, and further failure will cause you to be banned from this Sub.

-----------------------

* **Rule #3**) - **Regarding Beliefs** - No promotion of other Non-Christian religions, doctrines, or atheistic beliefs is permitted under any circumstances. Immediate deletion of posts and comments will be done and you will be banned. 

----------------------

* **Rule #4**) - **Regarding Behavior** -Any and all forms of promotion of any sinful actions and behaviour, crime, swearing, drunkenness, blasphemy, mockery of the Word of God, or wickedness of any kind will result in immediate banning and a deletion of posts and comments.

-------------------

* **Rule #5**)  - **Regarding User names and Flairs** - Violation of Link Flair will result in banning and posts being deleted. No vulgarity, blasphemy, or crudeness. Same goes for the User name, if the name itself is crude, rude, or blasphemous then create a new proper user for use in this Sub.

--------------

*Generally I've found this to be a good encompassing of proper behaviour for a Christian Forum, and this can be added to or edited depending on the denominational views.*

* Clarification of the above mentioned rules - 

Number 1 is for proper language and respect, rudeness and disrespectful trolling is different than disagreeing. 

Number 2 concerns unruly arguing and bickering over personal opinion. 

Number 3 is concerning the Promotion of other beliefs to put down Christian beliefs. 

4&5 are to try to keep behaviour in check, understanding that expression is one thing but deliberate misbehaviour is another and that's what these ones cover.
A suggestion on mods.

If you want this place to be inclusive of all branches of Christianity, when you get around to looking for mods, look for the following:

1. One mod who is Catholic or Orthodox
2. One mod who is more progressive than you are.
3. One mod who is more conservative than you are.
Looks good (at least as I interpret it), but these should be clarified:

Does proposed rule 1 imply we must recognise others here as Christians, or cannot say we do not consider them, or people failing to meet reasonable criteria, to be Christians?

Does proposed rule 2 prohibit people from answering that people struggling from homosexual and/or masturbation temptations should give in to these temptations and/or embrace these lifestyles?

Does proposed rule 3 prohibit religious expression that considers protestant or other sects to be false religions?

Does proposed rule 4 prohibit all-too-often cases where people attack my religious positions on r/Christianity even though it does not relate directly to the topic being discussed?
Here's my thoughts on the specific rules:

1. Nothing to say on this but reddit won't let me begin with 2.
2. I agree with your concern about rule 2 and would favor eliminating it entirely. If it starts becoming an issue, you can always add it in later. But as of right now, it just creates a bad situation where the mods have to determine what is and isn't a sin.
3. Eliminate the language about atheism and just leave this as a rule against personal attacks, harassment, etc.
4. I agree that this is unnecessary.
5. I agree it's unnecessary.
6. Keep this. Eliminate the language about atheism in rule 3 instead.
7. Eliminate the majority of those posts entirely. If a member of this subreddit has a blog and they post updates here in addition to engaging in discussion about the topic, that's probably fine. But if people are just driving traffic to their youtube channels and blogs and have no intention of engaging in discussion here then they are spamming and their post needs to be deleted.
8. 100% agreed
1. I'm concerned that this rule suggests you can't disagree with someone. Perhaps if we said something more along the lines of "please explain why you disagree to foster an environment of discussion."

2. Is this sub not for discussion controversial topics? It seems to me that we can absolutely argue amongst ourselves here and discuss controversial issues, and that's an important part of having a haven for Christians.

3. I might add to this that non-Christians are welcome to peruse the board and even to ask questions and ask for clarification. 

4&5 I'm hesitant over the inclusion of wickedness, rudeness, and crudeness, and just how vague these seem. I'd rather have someone who swears while expressing their genuine (coherent) thought than someone who gets jumbled trying to dance around. I personally would prefer to describe what we want, rather than what we won't allow, on this area, but hey let's keep talking about it.
That's a great idea
Wow those are EXCELLENT questions. I'm just putting my son to bed and then I'll put some thought into them!
1. I think this rule does suggest that we give people the benefit of the doubt. It's really not that hard to get a confession out of someone that they aren't a Christian. What kinds of reasonable criteria would you put on recognizing someone as a Christian?

2. I think this rule needs to make room for a conversation about "is this actually a sin". To use your examples, there's actually nothing in the Bible that says masturbation is a sin, and though there is plenty that says homosexuality is a sin, there seems to be a case from 1 Cor 7 that same-sex marriage might be the lesser of two evils (not to argue these points here, just to show that we should have room to have conversations like this here).

3. I think this question falls under what you were asking in question 1, about how do we recognize someone as a Christian. I personally take a pretty broad view of Christians. Because I'd like this space to be open to "in house" debates, I do feel like there needs to be room to ask a question like "are protestants really christians", but as a mod team we would have to take the broad view in order to foster the discussion.

4. I don't actually think this is a good rule. See my other comment here discussing the proposed rules. However, the situation you're discussing: would this be something like, no matter what's being discussed, someone wants to attack you for being charismatic/catholic/calvinist (fill in the blank)?
For #1 it's for proper language and respect, rudeness and disrespectful trolling is different than disagreeing. 

Number 2 concerns unruly arguing and bickering over personal opinion. 

Number 3 is concerning the Promotion of other beliefs to put down Christian beliefs. 

4&5 are to try to keep behaviour in check, understanding that expression is one thing but deliberate misbehaviour is another and that's what these ones cover.
I agree with your thinking on this. A lot of the rules on that post are problematic. I prefer the rules you already had, with some of the amendments being discussed.
FWIW, the answers I hope for are:

> Does proposed rule 1 imply we must recognise others here as Christians, or cannot say we do not consider them, or people failing to meet reasonable criteria, to be Christians?

No. It's just saying we should behave as Christians.

> Does proposed rule 2 prohibit people from answering that people struggling from homosexual and/or masturbation temptations should give in to these temptations and/or embrace these lifestyles?

Yes.

> Does proposed rule 3 prohibit religious expression that considers protestant or other sects to be false religions?

No.

> Does proposed rule 4 prohibit all-too-often cases where people attack my religious positions on r/Christianity even though it does not relate directly to the topic being discussed?

Yes.
> It's really not that hard to get a confession out of someone that they aren't a Christian. What kinds of reasonable criteria would you put on recognizing someone as a Christian?

For example, at the most liberal meaning, I would consider all the "gay marriage is okay!", "abortion is a right" people to be clearly non-Christian. At the most strict, I would say only Catholics are really Christians, since non-Catholics de facto stand in opposition to Christ (even though they won't admit it in that language).

> I think this rule needs to make room for a conversation about "is this actually a sin". To use your examples, there's actually nothing in the Bible that says masturbation is a sin, and though there is plenty that says homosexuality is a sin, there seems to be a case from 1 Cor 7 that same-sex marriage might be the lesser of two evils (not to argue these points here, just to show that we should have room to have conversations like this here).

Ignoring the specific claims... The lesser of two evils is still sin.

> I do feel like there needs to be room to ask a question like "are protestants really christians", but as a mod team we would have to take the broad view in order to foster the discussion.

For example, Catholics are obliged to believe that all other religions, including protestantism, in of themselves lead to Hell.

> I don't actually think this is a good rule. See my other comment here discussing the proposed rules. However, the situation you're discussing: would this be something like, no matter what's being discussed, someone wants to attack you for being charismatic/catholic/calvinist (fill in the blank)?

Yes. Some examples:

* https://np.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/55my6k/just_converted_thinking_about_which_denomination/d8c1st7/
* https://np.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/664n31/difference_between_catholicism_and_protestants/dgfnnxw/?context=1
* https://np.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/4aq2sk/what_will_unite_all_christians_what_will_it_take/d12l14c/?context=1

No, there is no such case in 1 Cor 7 and your claim not to argue it here, since you insisted nonetheless on bringing it up, is all the more disingenuous. You don't purify sin by bringing it to church, you contaminate the church with it. You don't masturbate (sin or not), get drunk, steal or commit adultery in church, and you won't lessen these things by bringing them to church, so why are you insisting on this with gay "marriage"? Because you think that makes you popular, not understanding that makes you more like a fool. And any attempt to invent new rules on other issues or being more strict about them is nonsensical religiosity.

And by the way, the real function to interpret the word in a practical sense is to understand the context. Paul isn't arguing that marriage between man and woman is a lesser of two evils. He isn't considering marriage - between man and woman - an evil at all, he is answering a specific question.
Those are all good clarifications.
Sorry this took a bit.

1. So much as it is within my power, I will not limit our definition and inclusiveness of who gets the label of Christ-follower based on human political issues. I would sooner limit the label to those who can affirm the basic issues of the Christian faith: the Trinity, salvation by Christ, indwelling of the Holy Spirit. I'd go for the Apostle's Creed if we can agree that the "holy universal church" line does not mean exclusively the RCC.

2. I agree that the lesser of two evils is still sin. However, I want this sub to have room for conversations about what actually constitutes sin within the Christian context and to have the freedom to talk that through without being banned. In short: I would allow someone to create a thread discussing the Christian morality of abortion or gay marriage, regardless of my position on those issues.

3. I would not prohibit a conversation about who are actually Christians. I am very hesitant to ban people from the sub over belonging to the wrong Christian group. In general, if someone wants to talk about how their group is the only true group, they can do that in that sect's subreddit or in one of the debate subs. I'd want the conversation to be non-aggressive, if possible.
Ok you've clearly misunderstood my point. I didn't advocate for either of those things, nor did I bring them up. The post I replied to did, and I continued the use of those examples. I did briefly state the case as I've heard it presented, but I made no comment on it. The point was simply to say, can we make room here to have a conversation about whether something is a sin, even if many of us think that the Bible makes a clear case for it, or would such a post merit immediate removal and possibly banning the user?

Maybe my statement from another post later in that thread helps to clarify it: I agree that the lesser of two evils is still sin. However, I want this sub to have room for conversations about what actually constitutes sin within the Christian context and to have the freedom to talk that through without being banned. In short: I would allow someone to create a thread discussing the Christian morality of abortion or gay marriage, regardless of my position on those issues.
> So much as it is within my power, I will not limit our definition and inclusiveness of who gets the label of Christ-follower based on human political issues. I would sooner limit the label to those who can affirm the basic issues of the Christian faith: the Trinity, salvation by Christ, indwelling of the Holy Spirit. I'd go for the Apostle's Creed if we can agree that the "holy universal church" line does not mean exclusively the RCC.

But will you delete/ban us if we do?

Sorry about that directed at you, then. Not the content though: it seems some of these "Christianity" subrddits have been hijacked/taken hostage by the LGBT agenda. "You can play church, but this agenda comes first." They want to outlaw and kill Christian churches that teach the traditional norm. It seems a wholly different *spirit* - just as we get touchy (rightfully) when someone is anti-Semitic or anti-Zionist, these in the other camp get equally protective about political gays (and islamists).
This is not r/catholic. There will and should be Christians here that are protestant, orthodox, catholic, and coptic. I think that if the tone of the posts becomes such that it's more about "evangelism" than it is about Christian fellowship and charity, then those posts would get removed. Like, I'd be super interested in having a "is anyone but catholics actually christians" conversation, but I wouldn't be interested in a thread of "everyone who isn't catholic is going to hell". Is that a fair distinction based on the principle of Christian charity and fellowship?
I totally get that. This thread is to discuss the rules, not for me to declare what the new rules will be, so the purpose of it is literally for you to tell me where you think the weaknesses and deficiencies are :)

That being said, I do believe there is room within the Christian body to have that kind of conversation. Largely because I believe the traditional ideas of Christianity on the matter are better, stronger, and more convincing. When your ideas are better, you're not afraid of dialogue. I guess the rule boils down to, "do you think we should be able to discuss the controversial in-house aspects of Christianity here, or are those better done elsewhere?" Personally, I think that if this is a Christians-only space, then this is the best space for discussing in-house controversy.
No, frankly it basically sounds like you're banning Catholics. We would consider it sinful to do "Christian fellowship" with non-Catholics.
Having known many Catholics, I know that isn't the case, but I'm not going to argue with you. Tell you what, I won't make a deal out of it unless the rest of the community thinks it's a problem. I'm not interested in banning Catholics for being Catholic. But I am letting you know there will be lots of non-Catholics on this sub, so if you don't feel you can be part of this community then that's your choice but I'm not sending you away.
I just read this. I am Church of Christ. This Catholic guy here is making it seem like Catholic is the only right way to heaven... Jesus is the way to heaven;  through him we access God. It is not the law that makes us blameless but the law exposes our sinfulness. Therefore we must die to the law through Christ. We can still follow the law but no one is perfect. Not any denomination except through Christ. 
Thanks. There is no intention of turning this into a catholic-only space, or defining Christian as solely Catholic.

My best friend's younger brother is currently being transported to Burlington VT hospital after going into heart failure conditions. 

He had a weakened heart and had gained 16 pounds of fluid.  

Prayers would be much appreciated.
I hope things go well...
I'll be praying for you.
Hello, 

I live in a non English speaking country in Baltics (Lithuania). I am originally from India and I am living here as a Student. Recently I have discovered that Biblical scriptures are coming to me from all the places imaginable. Due to restraints in my budget till the end of year I cannot afford a to buy New Testament and its very hard for me to read books digitally. Can someone be kind enough to post me a copy of New Testament in English language. 

PM me and I will send you my Address. 
Has some one pm'd you yet?
Pm me your address please and I will ship one to you
Pray for Jebus to give you a Bible. 
Yes I got one PM! Will keep you updated.
PRAISE JEBUS!
**EDIT:** I hope the title doesn't come across as inflammatory. I just now noticed in the sidebar how this subreddit distinguishes itself from /r/christianity. I would definitely understand if this question would be better asked over there (though the response may be different there too). **END EDIT TEXT.**

Hi! I just wanted to throw my thought process out there and see if there is something I'm failing to understand about Christian theology. What got me thinking about this is a friend and co-worker of mine who is creationist to the point of thinking that dinosaurs are a combination of psuedo-scientific whimsy and unusually large versions of animals that exist today. I don't really plan on bugging him about it, but it really got me thinking.


So, here's what I don't get... God is infallible, yes? And of such unknowable wisdom and creativity! All is his creation. Got it. So, if I'm God and I have all that going for me, how am I going to go about creating this wonderful idea of life I've been kicking around? Let's simplify and narrow it down to two basic approaches...


I could set in motion my grand machine of creation... With a single nudge I can tilt all of my vast creation upon a path of invention that is all guided by fundamental laws of my creation.


Alternatively, I poof 'em into existence! Definitely within my capabilities!


So, at a glance those both seem great. Some Christians will gravitate towards one, and some towards the other. But something about the creationism bugs me... God wants (nay, requires?) the faith of his believers, right? If God wanted the world to know of him as a matter of provable fact, he'd just beam an image of himself in front of everyone every morning and say "by the way, I'm very real. Read my book." ... Obviously he doesn't do that, and he doesn't do that because he doesn't want to, not because he can't. He doesn't want his creation to only worship him because they *know* they ought to... he wants them to seek him, and to have faith. So why would he create in any way that could possibly undermine this central desire? To create in such a way that some day the great minds of your creation might look at creation and see that "huh! You know what? This is clearly the work of God" seems like a pretty clear oversight. No... if you're God you do it the brilliant way. You set your creation in motion at the very dawn of time, and then even the greatest of minds and technologies can only look and see the creation, not the maker behind it.


But again, I'm not actually Christian myself. So I just wonder if this outsider perspective of mine is missing something important.

**TL;DR:** I propose that creationism sounds like the work of a fallible wizard, not an infallible and infinitely inventive God who doesn't want his existence to be a point of fact. Thoughts?
The responses that are already here are fabulous. But I want to add one more thing: When you look at something science finds unexplainable, some people say "coincidence" or "we need beter science!" Others respond by wondering if there is more, something unmeasurable. When I studied evolutionary biology I was an atheist, but I converted to Christianity because of things which are not sufficiently explained by science alone. 

Similarly, Evans-Prichert wrote about how the Azande justify what looks like coincidence to a European scholar by witchcraft. So they understand that termites may eat through a tree, and that people may be crushed under trees, and the reason that they were under the tree was shade from the heat.. but the witchcraft religious belief justifies why all of those things happened coincidentally all at the same time to befall those particular people. In the same way, though science can explain the mechanisms (the 'how'), many Christians feel that science cannot fully explain the reason (the 'why').

In this way, many Christian scientists feel strongly about the existence of God and that He made it so those questions were always there, pointing to the idea that there is always more, that there is a divine force of the universe. 
Here's something you MUST understand about Scripture. This is not a cop out, or an attempt to dodge your question, but a statement about the fundamental nature of Scripture itself.

The Bible is only intended to answer the question WHO.

WHO created? God. We get that answer directly in Genesis.

HOW did God create? He Spoke, and it was. Technically, we get this "how" answer, but it is unfulfilling, because we don't understand it. How did God speaking create something out of nothing? We do NOT get that one answered at all, and it leads us to be more frustrated.

Consider that Genesis is NOT written to give us a template of the *process* of creation! but to specifically UNDERLINE the AUTHOR of the process.

When Genesis was written, there were other creation accounts written as well. And they all are variations on a theme: the gods came out of the primordial stuff of chaos, got busy organizing and shaping it, and eventually made humanity as well.

It's important to keep that in mind because Genesis is a polemic against those accounts. In Genesis, GOD is first. GOD frames the heavens. GOD shapes the earth. GOD does the speaking, and GOD is the architect and craftsman of it all.

TL;dr - Genesis isn't about HOW God made the world, but rather WHO God is that would make everything.
I'm not going really express my opinion, but here is a good theory that was told to me concerning the dinosaurs. If you take the bible verbatim about Noah and the flood, and thinking that the earth was originally created as pangea. The idea is that the flood waters came from above and below the earth and that the waters below broke the continent apart. This would cause massive environmental changes and that would cause the dinosaurs to gon down the road of extinction after leaving Noah's boat
I'm a Christian, and I agree with your insight here.

God doesn't want to be known through evidence or proof.  Why?  Because if it was provable, then it would depend on our own effort and intellect.  Then we'd go around saying, "Look at the evidence!  It's clear!  Why don't you believe in God, you moron!" (Some Christians, sadly, do this anyway, even though the evidence is not clear.) We end up with beliefs that condemn people for not being smart enough or good enough.

Instead, God wants himself to be found through grace and forgiveness.  When Jesus ended up being handed over to be tortured and crucified, it was shown just how stupid and sinful all of us can be.  But he still forgave the world freely.  And he chose the weak, unimpressive message of this story to show himself to the world, so that any humble heart would receive his grace.

So in fact you're really not far off about His appearing to us every morning, saying he's definitely real, here's my book.  It's just that he doesn't show himself to us in the way that we would consider wise or convincing.

1 Chor. 1:26-31:

26 For [r]consider your calling, brethren, that there were not many wise according to [s]the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble; 27 but God has chosen the foolish things of the world to shame the wise, and God has chosen the weak things of the world to shame the things which are strong,28 and the base things of the world and the despised God has chosen, the things that are not, so that He may nullify the things that are, 29 so that no [t]man may boast before God. 30 But [u]by His doing you are in Christ Jesus, who became to us wisdom from God, [v]and righteousness and sanctification, and redemption, 31 so that, just as it is written, “Let him who boasts, boast in the Lord.”

Thanks for the discussion - your questions and comments here are admirably written.
>  If God wanted the world to know of him as a matter of provable fact, he'd just beam an image of himself in front of everyone every morning and say "by the way, I'm very real. Read my book." 

In the beginning, God spoke audibly to Adam and Eve, but He was always invisible to the naked eye. There were others in ancient history that God spoke to directly, but to these he also reamined physically invisible.

As time went on God displayed Himself through tangible, physical acts, such as parting the red sea, or raining fire down from heaven at the request of a prophet. 

When Jesus walked the earth, God showed Himself to those around Him. Jesus is God, and therefore when people saw Jesus they saw God in human flesh. His great acts showed Him to be so. The pinnacle of these acts was that Jesus willingly laid down His life to die on a cross (to pay for the sins of those who trust in Him) and then to take His life again, raising Himself from the dead. The fact that death has no hold over Him is evidence of His claim to Godhood.

But these days, God does not show up in these ways.

Before Jesus left, He promised that He would give those who believe in Him the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is the third person in the Holy Trinity, and is every bit as much God as Jesus and the Father.

God displays Himself through His people by the power of the Holy Spirit. 

Quite often I find that when people are not followers of Jesus come into contact with people who are, they often state that there is something different about these people.

The difference people are seeing is God. They see God through Christians, because Christians contain a part of God within them - The Holy Spirit. 

This is how God manifests Himself today – primarily through His people and His word.

So there is a sense to which God does beam an image of Himself in front of you and others who do not know Him. That image is the body of people who believe in Jesus.
This is a great question, and you put a lot of thought into it. There's a lot of great answers here already, I just wanted to clear something up.

>God wants (nay, requires?) the faith 

It's a part of our philosophy that God doesn't require anything from us. He made the universe and we made a big mess out of it, and it really would be a lot easier and simpler for him to let us just burn ourselves out of creation. The only reason he does anything that he does for us is because he loves us. Do you have any pets like a dog or a cat that just pees everywhere? Wouldn't it be a lot easier and better for you to put the thing down or leave it in the wilderness to fend for itself? But you don't, because you love it, and the love you feel is worth tolerating the mess it constantly makes around your house.

The reason this is important in the philosophy is because our journey is to try and love each other in the way he loves us. Which means if I do something good for a person, but I only do it because they can offer me something I want or need (which... we also define need differently) then in our rulebook, that wasn't really a very good action. Good actions are done because it is good to do good things. Does that make sense? It's a hard thing to explain, but you seem like the sort to get it. So if you want to pull a hard lesson from this, it's "Being good isn't always easy. Sometimes you have to tolerate other people's stupid bullshit if you want to look in the mirror and say 'I am a good person'" It's also important to recognize other people tolerate YOUR (my) stupid bullshit.

Sorry to not answer your question and instead answer a question nobody asked, it's just... I dunno, there was something about the way you wrote your question that struck me as a "I wanna know what people think!" kind of person so I offered. 
I do believe that God wants us to believe in him without needing evidence, but I don't think that in every case, he works specifically to avoid allowing that to be provable.  For example, the miracles Jesus, and later the apostles did in the New Testament were specifically done to confirm the gospel he was preaching.  He went around healing disease, and then prophesied that the Holy Spirit would allow his apostles to do it, and sure enough, it happened.  I don't think God necessarily doesn't do anything that can be provable, or that if something is provable, it's a mistake of his.  Some things are okay to just be provable.  In most cases though, even these things are quite refutable.  For example, whether you believe in creationism or not, it's still refutable.  Whether you believe in miraclulous healing or not, it's still refutable.  I could say that cancer that disappeared in a person you know was because I prayed for them, but you could say it was just because cancer sometimes goes away, and it's simply science we haven't discovered yet.  So God hasn't ever done anything irrefutable.
One of the things that lead me to be a creationist, when I was first discovering and looking into evolution was all of the blatant lies that Evolutionist told. 

- Ernst Haeckel and recapitulation theory:  Such a bold faced lie. He literally knew it wasn't true and he still made those drawings and spread this theory as fact.  

- Nebraska Man: One tooth. These Evolutionist get one tooth, and they literally fabricate this whole 'missing link' species around this single tooth. (Spoiler Alert, turns out to be a pig's tooth)

- Piltdown Man: Same story. Serious Scientist faking evidence for evolution. 

So after knowing this, take a serious look at Lucy.  What bones did they actually find? Where did they find those bones? How far apart were those bones?  

So I don't think that God created this confusing mess of history.  I think people are muddying the water.   
Thanks for taking the time to share your thoughts! :)
Btw, there were several supercontinents at different times, Gondwana being another. 
Thank you so much for your response!


So do I understand correctly that you would you say that God is in fact not opposed to providing direct evidence of his existence to the world, and therefore creationism is not at odds with the nature of God?
That makes perfect sense to me, and you're right... I appreciate the correction and additional insight (even if only slightly relevant) :)
Of course!
Totally believe you. Like I said this was someone else's theory
Correct. 

I think one of the the best pieecs of evidence for His existence is the resurrection of Jesus.

There is plenty of evidence outside of Christian sources for Jesus having been a real person, and then you just need to weigh up whether you believe the accounts of his life and death in the Gospels.

Paul said that [over 500 witnesses](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+Corinthians+15:6&version=ESV) saw Jesus after He rose from the dead, so I guess you need to decide if this is evidence enough for you that the Gospel accounts are true.
Hey everyone! I have over the course of a few weeks been trying to keep my faith stronger with God. I feel sometimes Reddit isn't the place for me. Have you guys felt this way as well? And if so what do you about it?
It keeps me sharp and reminds me that we live in this world, but we are not *of* this world. People disagree with me vehemently, sometimes to the point of being insulting. This trains me to respond only in love. 

I'm constantly reminded of Christ's own words:

Matthew 5:11-12

>“Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me. Rejoice and be glad, because great is your reward in heaven, for in the same way they persecuted the prophets who were before you.
1. you might want to be careful in choosing your subreddits
2. It sounds like perhaps it's not reddit that's the problem, but perhaps you're on a spiritual quest. We all go through it - sometimes more than once. It can take years before we find some resolution and firmness in what we believe. For me, the resolution didn't come through reading or research, it came through a loss. I had already been questioning my faith based on what I learned in college and out in the world - but this forced me to really find answers and either become at peace with God or find something else. Fortunately, I didn't lose my faith, and the trial in my life only opened my eyes and deepened my faith.

For now, if you're not so solid - filter out what might make you weak, and get solid with what you do believe. In time, you can open back up and explore more. 

If Reddit opens the door for some sort of temptation, then again, choose your subreddits carefully or don't use it at all. Or find a friend who you can message who might also struggle, and you can hold each other accountable. 
I moved from the Bible Belt to the Northeast many years ago, so I'm already used to having everyone thinking my ideas are bigoted and idiotic.  So Reddit isn't unusual for me.
I am a newbie, not sure if I will stick with it but it seems that there are several Christian sub reddits and they have very different takes on things. I wanted to learn about Christianity here a few weeks ago and this sub said I couldn't be Christian as a transsexual so I was about to give up but then someone pointed me at r/OpenChristian where the attitude was more that salvation is for everyone. 
Thanks you very much for this answer! God always has an answer for everything and this response really hit home for me!
You're not of this world? What do you mean exactly?
That's very true! It seems a lot of the subreddits it isn't much of the content but people's reactions to it that make me reconsider. I've unfollowed some because of the community which has helped and following this on has helped because I would read things I wouldn't else see. 

This also maybe a spiritual quest for me like you mentioned. More recently things have stuck out to me I wouldn't think otherwise, but it hasn't been a question if "it's what I want" but more like "this is what I need, in my heart I believe it and what else can I find have light shed on to better understand."
I see. It's hard for me to be on reddit sometimes because other than ideas being run down, you see a lot of sin in a place you use to enjoy. It makes me feel like I shouldn't be on here sometimes. 
Spoiler alert (if people say that, they probably are)
It's a phrase that's used a lot in evangelical communities. We live in this world temporarily, but we are saved, so our true eternal home is with God. It just helps one keep perspective.
I'll share something my pastor once told me that has been very helpful.

I mentioned to him how I had been discussing the Gospel with someone who was really hard-hearted, and I wondered what the point was.  And he said that oftentimes, it's not the person you're talking to, but someone else who overhears that is most affected.

So even when someone is tearing you apart on Reddit, and you're getting downvoted like it's going out of style, there might be more people than you know being encouraged and edified by your contribution.  We can't get upset or defeated and withdraw from the world.  We have to keep letting His light shine through us!
I see, that's interesting. Is this a common idea used by lots of Christians? 
That's a very encouraging point! I've never thought about it that way!
This is great advice, thanks. I just got banned from /r/Christianity for standing up for aborted babies, but I suppose that's what happens when the Holy Spirit convicts people of their sin - often times people will attempt to conceal the truth as a knee-jerk reaction.
Oh yes.  The best scripture to me that explains it ks Romans 12 that says do not conform to the patterns of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.  In other words, there's a system on Earth where certain things are allowed or encouraged or discouraged, but we come from a different system in Heaven that we're to live by.
So you're also a mind-reader?
So the actions of non-Christians are in some way understood through this idea? 
It's not so much about actions, but about thought.  For example, the non Christian believes that gay marriage is perfectly fine, since it hurts no one and is only the business of the two involved.  The Christian knows this as well, but knows that in our system, it's not what God intended, so it's a sin whether it hurts someone or not.  Those are two different systems of law, even though both people could not be gay.
Ahh so it is a way of countering the 'common sense' or humanist arguments that are put forward for social or personal issues? Like - people are saying this and that, and on the surface it seems to make sense, but we have our own rules which are not to be understood, just followed?
Nope.lol. Many can be understood, and it's okay to understand them.  But if you don't understand or agree, it's not a reason to not follow them because of the critical thinking of the world, but you need to get closer to the Holy Spirit and learn why that rule is there in prayer.  I forget where, but Paul once said that for those that don't have the Holy Spirit, the word of wisdom God is foolishness to them, because the natural mind doesn't understand.  But to God, the wisdom of the world is foolishness to Him, because it's actually wayyy lower than His.lol. So the point is, trust in the Lord and lean not to your own understanding (proverbs 3:5)
I see, yeah that's what I meant. Do you ever have problems with where to apply this, is it applied everywhere the bible has something to say? Do you generally feel secure in your beliefs/opinions then?
Of course it's hard to apply sometimes.  But it is important to know that the Bible is a difficult book.  There are some things written there that apply today, and some things that have been outdated.  That's why the connection to Gods voice in the present is so important.  So for example, the Bible says that women are to "keep silent" in church.  This however was from a time when women weren't used in society, but we're subservent to men, making they're speaking in church disorderly.  That archaic system is now obsolete, so that can be interpreted as something written for then, but they God doesn't still need now.  So you not only just read the Bible, but you pray about ever decision you make.  Anything you're not sure about, you don't try to make the right call, you just ask Him, and take His answer whether you agree or not.  It's call submitting to God.  That notion is applied everywhere in life, but no necessarily every word in the Bible.  Some of it was for the people he was talking to at the time, not everyone for eternity.  Does that make sense?
Yeah I guess so. So prayer is the way you answer questions that are not clear from simply reading text then? Is this universal throughout Christianity or do some sections say you should, say, ask a religious leader in your community or something? Sorry to ask so many questions, I'm just really interested to understand.
Wanted to chim in a second with an example. 
I am what we Christians call a "Prodigal daughter." Meaning I was raised in church, left church to live a crazy unholy lifestyle for 10 years and after some life events I have now returned to my Christian family values.
So, at 30 years old I met a beautiful 37 year old man. We were trying to date and not be intimate. Since God says no sex before marriage but, I had been living a worldly lifestyle- dating and sex go hand-in-hand.
Because of our desires we've been intimate a few times, and it always makes things heavy between us. I prayed for God to help me. He gave me an example: As a child my grandmother would warn me not to touch the electric fence in her backyard. She used it to keep the cows out of her garden. She always told me don't touch! She knew best and didn't want me to hurt myself. I ignored her until one day I got shocked cause I had to see what it was all about. And, now I know... God warned me about premarital sex because he loves me & wants to ensure a strong relationship between my beautiful man & me. He knows what is best.
So, i say all that to show that although the world has standards for life. God gave Christians standards to live by also. To ensure an abundantly happy life for his children. And, when you are not sure just ask in prayer and He will anwser. :)


TLDR:  All you must do is ask God and he will give you wisdom. And, God know what is best we just need to obey Him.  :) 
No it's totally fine.  It's what they did in the actual Bible days, so that's what a lot of churches preach.  However it's important to know that Christianity is a personal thing. There are churches everywhere who preach all kinds of things right and wrong.  There's everything from the Westboro baptist church, to the radical tongue speaking evangelicals, to the Catholics, and they all believe radically different things.  So honestly, I can't tell you anything is universal across Christianity, because I bet it I wouldn't have to go far to find a church preaching the opposite.  Corruption, perversion, and just downright misunderstanding of what God says is rampant throughout the church.  That's why going to the source in prayer, and using the text as much as it can be used in your personal walk with God is so important.  After that, you must find the church that lines up the best with what He is telling you.  The world system of churches and Christianity is quite frankly in shambles in many places to be honest...
All very interesting. Thanks for taking the time to reply to me :)
No problem.  I like for our beliefs to be understood.  Less chance of them being ostracized.  Thanks for being open to them

*He said to her I'd like a cheeseburger*

*And I might like a milkshake as well*

*She said to him I can't give you either*

*And he said isn't this Burger Bell*

*She said yes it is but we're closed now*

*But we open tomorrow at ten*

*He said I am extremely hungry*

*But I guess I can wait until then*

*Cause you're his cheeseburger, his yummy cheeseburger*

*He'll wait for you*

*Yeah, he'll wait for you*

*Oh, you are his cheeseburger*

*His tasty cheeseburger*

*He'll wait for you*

*Oh, he will wait for you*

*He stayed at the drive-thru till sunrise*

*He may have dozed off once or twice*

*When he spotted a billboard for Denny's*

*Bacon and eggs for half price*

*How could he resist such an offer?*

*He really needed something to munch*

*Cheeseburger, please do not get angry*

*He'll eat and be back here for lunch*

*Cause you're his cheeseburger*

*His precious cheeseburger*

*Be back for you*

*He'll be back for you*

*Won't be so long cheeseburger*

*Oh lovely cheeseburger*

*Be back for you*

*Oh, he'll be back for you*

*Cause he loves you, cheeseburger*

*With all his heart*

*And there ain't nothing*

*Gonna tear you two apart*

*And if the world suddenly*

*Ran out of cheese*

*He would get down*

*On his hands and knees*

*To see if someone accidentally*

*Dropped some cheese in the dirt*

*And he would wash it off for you*

*Wipe it off for you*

*Clean that dirty cheese off just for you*

*You are his cheeseburger*...


...Whew, that took a while to format.

 "Pepino bailarin, pepino bailarin, pepino bailarin, Baila, baila, ya!"
I like your car...
I like yours too...
Is it a Jeep? 
A Subaru

AHHHHHHHH!!!!

Sacrilicious. 
These are pretty cute!
Yes, but be warned that the intent is to ridicule and mock the Bible.
I was wondering, If Jesus was a jewish person, where did Christianity come from?  Also, muslims incorporate Jesus into their beliefs, as a prophet I think.  Basically, how can so many religions be differant, yet all contain the same person?
I hope this will help. Christianity is simply the term people gave themselves for following Christ, after he had risen from the dead. Yes Jesus was a Jew and followed the Jewish faith, but the belief that he is the messiah is where the three religions differ. I'm not sure about Islam, but in the Jewish tradition they are still waiting for the messiah. For Christians, the messiah is Jesus and we follow his teachings. Muslims and Jews have essentially the same thoughts about Jesus, in that he was a very wise man with some worthwhile teachings, and for Muslims he was the last great prophet right before their main prophet, Muhammed. Christianity is the belief that Jesus is much more than a prophet. I really hope that helps!
They all started with [Abraham.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abrahamic_religions)
Although a lot of energy goes into debating belief, religions usually place much more importance on action - what I would like to call active love.  If we look at values rather than belief, there is a lot more similarity.  

Also, when we are talking about religions that have Jesus as an influence, Zoroastrianism and the Bahai' religion can be included, and there are quite a few others.
In fact, Acts tells us Christianity was originally call "The Way".  For example, "But this I confess to you, that according to the Way which they call a sect, so I worship the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the Law and in the Prophets." (Acts 24:14)
that helped me! thanks
Yeah, that helped.  Thanks, I was always a little confused about that stuff.  
I agree, except as to how the term "Christian" came about.  Acts 11:26 says "they were first called Christians at Antioch."  Virtually every scholar believes that this was intended as an insult, saying people were "mini-Christs," because Christ had died and it was derogatory to say they were following in his steps.  In humility, the apostles took on the name, turning the insult into a word that binds all believers.

Additionally, beyond the 3 religions you mentioned, Buddhism also prophesies that a "three-fold merciful one" is the only one who could remove sin and that we would know the signs of his coming as that he will have holes in his hands and feet and a piercing in his side.  This foretelling comes after a man repeatedly asks Buddah to remove his sins and three times Buddah gives a suggestion, but it only lessens the sin, never removes it.  There is a separate Buddhist prophesy that Buddhism would cease 500 years after a woman entered the priesthood.  The woman entered at the end of the story.  Both of these stories are dated to approximately 500 BC.

Note that my source for this material is a friend who graduated with a degree in comparative religion and although I was cited the official source, it would take some digging to find it.
Islam teaches Jesus was a prophet only.  The Bible teaches He is the Son of God.  
I understand. I never really got a great understanding until I became a history major and even now it's still pretty difficult to comprehend how these seemingly minute differences cause such pain and suffering
Well thank you good sir. Here is your upvote
This is more of a thread asking whether anyone here has experienced life in academia at all, whether interacting with a professor, other university/college students, or even grad school. Regardless, life experiences from other environments are also welcome!

I'm about to start my PhD in Biochemistry working on bacteria and their relation to cystic fibrosis. When I was doing my Masters, I still felt fine with my lab because there were a few Christians, even if they were marginal at most. Now I'm about to head to a lab where many of them grew up in a Catholic family, only to turn away from their faith. Many, if not all of them, have a very negative view of Christians, or at least what they believe, partly because of their family. 

Which makes me wonder... what's the best way to show God's light to such a community? The only thing I can think of is to just be kind, do my work to the best of my abilities, and be chill. But what about evangelizing? When will that fit in, if at all? Bear in mind here, even my supervisor (boss, employer) is an atheist.
Not a Christian, so take this with a grain of salt.

I am a grad student in a STEM field and I hear almost nothing about religion in my day-to-day life. I know there are lots of Christians I work with, but they don't bring it up often. They seem happy and content to spend their weekend worshiping and the week just living their values.

There is one person who actively promotes and discusses their faith. I have unintentionally offended them by blaspheming, and they called me out on it. I tried to apologize, but might not have gotten the apology  across to them. They are widely accepted and appreciated in the community, and not treated differently.

Overall, I think grad school is a very open and accepting place, so you can be who you want to be and shouldn't fear push-back, even from those that have turned from the church. On the other hand, you probably won't have much success evangelizing in that environment, so I would encourage you not to set that as one of your goals.

Best of luck!
I work in a primarily complete non-religious environment, what I find though is they are quite respectful when you just own your beliefs but also respect theirs. Everyone is allowed to believe what they want without fear of discrimination, and that goes towards treatment towards Christians. Honour that in relation to other people and you will be seen fair and they will respect you even if they don't respect the faith. That alone is most of the battle, and winning that will open many doors. 

So at the start I'd suggest just start focussing on creating a testimony of fairness and confidence in your faith, the rest will come because Scripture says so - 

* **1 Peter 3:12-16**) "*For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil. And who is he that will harm you, if ye be followers of that which is good? But and if ye suffer for righteousness' sake, happy are ye: and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;* **But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear:** *Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.*"
Actively evangelizing would be counterproductive in that environment. You would simply feed into their stereotypes about Christians wanting to "shove the bible down your throat". The time for evangelism is when one on one conversations come up where faith is brought up. Until then, you just live a life that glorifies God and let your life speak for itself.
Thanks for the responses. I never saw myself preaching God's Word to the masses, to begin with. I just felt a little sense of guilt not doing it because as Christians, we are called to save the lost, and churches constantly call for encouragement and spreading His word. 

Just Christ-like behaviour will definitely be a good start though. It's already difficult enough to do that as it is without people who may snatch on a mistake and I make which results in them branding Christians even worse as a result.
Miracles happen at the intersection of reason and faith.  The more Faith someone has, the more God becomes their reason.  Faith is a knowledgeable dependence.  

What is most reasonable to do in that environment, and what is God telling you?  As you grow in Faith and confidence and knowledge of God, you may end up with different answers or outlooks.  
I've been married to my husband for 4 years now. He came out to me as being an atheist just this past year. It's been such a difficult time in our home because we don't agree on a lot of things like we used to, and sometimes I feel like he will go the extra mile doing stuff just to make me upset. I 100% feel like he doesn't love me anymore because I'm not headed in the same direction as him. Some days are better than others but I've been having a heavy heart about what I should do. We have different ideas of parenting, as well, which also makes it extremely difficult. If I stand up for myself it's war, and the struggle with that is I end up worrying about what he will do against me if we are arguing. I'm sure you can tell this whole thing has made me very insecure. Have any other Christians wives gone through this? Any advice? No bullying on the subject, please.
I'm very sorry you're having to go through this. I can't imagine not sharing my faith with my wife.

Let's get the standard Christian answer out of the way: I assume you're familiar with the words of 1 Corinthians 7:12-16 to those who are married to unbelievers?

Were you both Christians when you got married? That's how this reads to me, but I want to be sure. Do you already have children, or does your comment about different ideas of parenting have to do with that future prospect?

Without knowing anything else, my blanket advice would be to continue to love him as best you can. Don't deviate from your spiritual path; what would it benefit you to gain your husband for this life but lose your soul? Keep going to church and fellowshipping with other believers. Now more than ever, you need a strong community around you. Find a home/cell/small/life group and dig into those friendships, because you're going to need the support.

If you already have children, you owe it to them to continue to raise them in a Christian manner. If you were Christians when you got married, then your plan as a couple should have been to raise your children that way. You may be able to tell your husband that you're sticking with the plan that the two of you agreed on.

If you don't have children yet, my honest and painful advice would be to not. Children are an incredible blessing, but they are also a strain on a marriage, and they live with the consequences of every marital decision. As it is, you cannot honestly promise your future children a stable home.

Keep us updated.
I'd like to add that I still attend my church alone and i am faithfully holding on to God. Probably why the attack has been so heavy
One thought is that we are to love our friend, neighbor, and enemy too. Love is different from power struggles. Trying to make sure things are done our way, even if it's God's way, doesn't mean we are empower to get the other person to do the right thing.

I wonder if part of you misses the sense of validation that would be present if your husband agreed with you. Maybe that makes it hard to sustain a feel-good sense of rightness. Like if he doesn't change his mind, it hunts that you're not loving him the way you're "supposed to." Does that resonate at all? Just trying to draw out what the real feelings are for you. =) 
 I make no attempts at making myself look like a minister or therapist. I'm just a sinner with a broken nature to prove it. I'm going to give you a link to a playlist of pastor named [Dr. Tony Evans ](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2427c8e61LzKjEkFfgop0g4fsGnccVQi) you can listen to it driving sleeping or make time if you wish. It's all about getting change,how to get guidance, how to get healing. I can vouch for this teaching because I have wasted the last 3 years of my life and I needed a breakthrough. I used this teaching picked the videos that I felt applied to me and my situation, and I didn't just listen to them I applied it. And when I did God responded. I finally see a calling for myself. I finally realize I need to be a disciple and make disciples to expand and maximize the Glory of God.  

He also has a [series](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrSCA0j6ZQmTp1LS7gAw-_ds_sgCUynjq) of content for marriage. What it is how to make and keep it healthy and he also covers mates that you are "unequally yoked" with.

Why do I spam these links? Because his teaching is rooted in the word. Everything he tells you will be out of the Bible, meaning you can open yours and see the same instructions. Not a feel-good-for-while-cop-out message. You apply this and you will see results as I did. 


If you don't trust anything I say trust this:
You are a daughter of The King and you have all the tools at your disposal to access the power and authority from God that you need to not only get out of this crisis but to bring Glory to His Kingdom while doing it!  
I'm a former Christian, now atheist, and would like to add my perspective.

I was engaged with someone when I de-converted. We were both Christians when we started dating, and I knew that I had changed one of the foundational terms of our relationship. I was very much in love with her, but I knew I had to be upfront and honest and let the chips fall where they may.

I told her over a nice dinner in a restaurant. She was shell shocked; growing up in rural North Carolina, she had never known anything but evangelical Christianity. She said, "I only know one atheist, and he's an asshole!" I carefully explained the reasons why Christianity no longer made sense to me. There were tears and accusations. Towards the end of the evening, I told her that I still loved her, and if she would give me room to explore my own beliefs, I would also give her room to pursue her beliefs.

There were a lot of sleepless nights after that. Many late night discussions. For the most part, I left it alone and let her approach me, as she was comfortable.

That was four and a half years ago. She's still a Christian. I'm still an atheist. We have a wonderful and fulfilling relationship. We don't try to evangelize each other, and I've told her many times that I don't ever want her to change her beliefs for my sake.

That said, I have a few thoughts for you on how to proceed forward.

The very first thing you both have to ask yourselves is, "Do I want this marriage to continue?" Put religion aside. Do you, personally, want the marriage to continue? If the answer is yes, then you know you have your work cut out for you. If the answer is no, then I suggest you seek an amicable ending. You wouldn't be the first Christian to divorce, by any stretch.

If you guys want it to continue, then you and your husband need to talk through these things. He needs to respect your right to believe as you see fit. And you need to respect his.

When it comes to children, you have to recognize that he has an equal right to discuss his ideology. But you both need to find a way to discuss your viewpoints with your kids in a way that doesn't attack the other parent.

Good luck to you. I hope you guys can work things out.
I wonder if the two of you can agree to some ground rules? Like, you both agree to stop trying to change the other's mind on the subject of religion. You continue to pray for him, but leave arguments aside. Come to some agreement on the kids' participation in church. Like, maybe they continue to attend with you, but leave decisions regarding baptism, taking of communion, etc to the children's own discretion after they've reached the age of maybe 13 or 15? These will be tough discussions, and I do think a neutral third party counselor could help mediate. I haven't walked in your shoes, but I hope the two of you can find a way forward that leads to a happy, healthy life for your family. 
I want to thank you all for your responses and views on the subject. They were all so comforting to me while going through a rough night. I'm better today, me and my husband had a heart felt talk last night and I truly told him how I felt.. for once in a long while I felt his prideful barrier fall and I felt love. I hope and pray the respect continues so we can communicate better. Please keep sharing your stories, testimonies, and thoughts! They are so encouraging to read... I'm sure others reading can take from a lot of the stuff you guys are posting as well. ❤️ I appreciate you guys.
You should probably speak with a marriage counselor, preferably one who is as neutral as possible on the religion matter.
I just don't see how a logical belief vs a mythical belief would change an otherwise agreeable relationship. You've been trained to reject other beliefs. Don't break up a perfectly happy marriage because your husband doesn't believe in having an imaginary friend for adults. 
What lifestyle change? What is so different, aside from not sharing a belief? I don't really see how it could affect that much unless you're brainwashed to believe that it does.
What part of christianity is so important to you that you'll let it interfere with an otherwise happy relationship?
Thank you for your response! Yes, we were both Christian when we got married. We were together for 3 years prior to marriage and both served God and loved God. We had two children before he announced he had no desire to serve god anymore, nor did he believe in him. Our son is going through intense early intervention therapy for autism, so I thought maybe he was just stressed with that.. but no. He is really set on not believing. I'm so thankful for my church! This battle would be so much more difficult without the body of christ. He's generally really good with the kids but lately, his temper seems to be getting worse and he doesn't realize it. When I mentioned it he ignores me for the rest of the night. Tonight, for instance, we were eating dinner and our 3 year old daughter didn't take a bite of her Mac and cheese like he asked her to, so he slammed his fists on the table and yelled at the top of his lungs towards her. She started to cry, as he scared her. I told him to relax and he argued that it was the only way to get her attention. He was also laughing as she was  a crying  I and I got upset at him for that and asked him to stop laughing. He is now extremely upset with me..Also decided to mock my beliefs by saying "you and your d*** faith are so afraid and complain about everything" idk, it's been a rough rough week in our home . I'm sorry for pouring so much out!
I am so sorry that you are going through this... it's not right. You didn't do anything to deserve to be in a position where your Husband does not make you feel loved, but it's important to remember that God is in control. He knows you're going through this and he will deliver you. No temptation has overcome you that is not common to man. I want to encourage you to remain strong, because this kind of disagreement has potential to destroy families and beautiful things. Please oh please protect yourself. 
Yes, I completely agree. I'm trying to still show that no matter what I love and accept him. After all, he is my husband. I think the hardest part is feeling like he doesn't feel that same way back. Feeling like he's just here because he's "comfortable". We have two kids together so that's why I sometimes feel this way. And yes, you're absolutely correct. It's def strange not having him agree with the stuff he agreed with me on before. I keep feeling like it's entirely up to me to keep this hedge of spiritual protection around my children. It's a heavy load... Thank you for responding. It's really awesome to know I can come in here to have some counsil when it's needed most 
Wow! Thank you so so much! I am always up for podcasts that follow the Word of God. Thanks! Amen, I receive that. Aw, he is so good. 
I really appreciate you sharing your thoughts. I have honored him in his choice, although it's hard, I have. Surprisingly, about two hours after I posted this, we talked. We both agree that we want to be married.  He doesn't keep me from going to church, so that's a positive. I'm really happy that you and your wife are still strong together despite religious views, extremely mature of you two. Thank you for sharing you thoughts, I really took them in. 

Thank you for sharing your story. I believe people in  OP's position need to hear from your exact experience more than anything. <3 
Well, we both believed at one point in time. So it was shocking and did bring a lot of arguments because of the lifestyle change. Theres also much more that I don't  u share, but this is a Christian feed so I sought Christian advice here. Thank you for sharing your opinion, as your entitled to do so. I still and will always believe in the Lord, if that's something you're interested in hearing more of than I'm happy to share, but it doesn't seem like you're interested. Correct me if I am wrong :) I hope you have a great day, and I apologize if my post confused you.
Our lifestyle changed because my views on how to raise our children became more difficult because we don't agree on the same things. Like raising our children in church and such, just made things difficult in that way. Other things like what we choose to watch or listen to you, the way we speak to each other and thibgs kike that. Most is a bit more personable, and out of respect for my marriage, I'd prefer to keep them private. You're questions are really good, by the way! I love when people are open to learning more. 
Well, it isn't just Christianity. We just disagreed on a lot , and we didn't see eye to eye on some things which caused us to bump heads recently.. as it would any relationship, serving God or not 
Regardless of faith or lack of it, that's horrible parenting on his part. Most atheists I know would agree to that!
I replied to your post before I read this comment. I think there's more going on than a change of belief in God. This behavior (basically bullying his child) -- I take it that's new, too? Had you seen glimpses of it in the past? Maybe counseling/therapy will help. I don't know, but the status quo is not good for you and your kids. 
Thank you so much for the encouragement! I love God & I know he loves me... But he never promised that walking with him would be easy. I try to remind myself of what he did for us and what it took him to get there,  I have complete faith that he can still restore. I plead the blood daily over my mind, my kids' minds, and our home. Today was just definitely one of those days where I felt like I needed a little bit of spiritual help from other believers. I'm new to Reddit and so blown away by those, and yourself, who took the time to encourage me. You guys are sweet blessings. Thank you

Were you raised in a religious home or were you allowed to explore the options and make your own choice? Perhaps the compromise could be teaching your children both sides, and allowing them to decide for themselves? Were you taught christianity was the only way? What is your biggest fear about believing in one of the 3000 other gods that have been written? Or none of them at all? I mean you must know they are all man made, and by proxy you are only worshipping the man who wrote the stories. 

If someone made the claims people made thousands of years ago, today, they'd be committed to a mental institution. Snakes don't talk, not then, not ever. 2 of every 7 million+ species of animals could not fit on the ark. It was smaller than the Titanic and physically impossible..why do people believe roman myths to be true and not greek myths? How are Zeus and Aphrodite illegitamate gods, but this one main "god" is the real deal? 

There are religions where there is no "god" to worship, and others with a god for each and everything. What makes you believe the religion people were tortured into believing, and now have the fear of god put into them if they don't believe is the right one? There have been many beliefs historically that no one needed to be forced into, they just believed what they believed. The greeks were like spiritual hippies, and the romans made spiritualism into a competition they called religion.

Why would a kind and reasonable "god" demand worship? Your so called "satan" doesn't even demand worship, nor did he murder women and children. In fact, contrary to the child abuse that has happened in the bible, and in real life via the church and church owned schools and orphanages, "satan" stands very much against it. Why would "god" kill so many women and children if he is good and "satan" is evil? The whole belief system contradicts itself. What good did "god" do gambling with human lives in order to test or force beliefs?

Why have christians and catholics over the centuries caused so much hate and brutality when thousands of years ago homosexuality and cross dressing were common and acceptable? 

Why was a King given authority to edit the bible as he saw fit with his personal beliefs, if it's so Holy? What would a random King have to do with any of it? Simply being born into royalty doesn't all of a sudden mean you can communicate with the same "lord" and convey edits that aren't of their own mind. Even if any of it was real, there are far too many contradictions, or things that don't add up.

Perhaps the blessed are those who think and believe for themselves, not having their lives dictated by a guy wearing a burlap sack, living in the desert 2000+ years ago?
But you said since he mentioned he didn't believe in a man made god? How could that cause so many disagreements? When it's all just mythical tales either way? I mean we don't take greek mythology seriously...only reason christians and catholics exist today is because people were brutalized and burned alive over centuries for believing otherwise.
Yes, I agree. He believes it's "being stern". It's very hard to drill in him that it's still not ok. I believe he is stressed out because of our son who recently was diagnosed with moderate autism. 
It is new! I mentioned in the previous post that it may be due to stress from our son being diagnosed with autism. but I believe that's how he saw his dad parent him and his siblings, judging by the things he would tell me. But I still don't think that's it, he has a lot going on in his head that he hasn't fully expressed or conversated with me about 
Honestly, it doesn't seem like your open to other views . It seems like you are more so trying to push what you believe on me rather what I believe on you to cause an unhealthy debate, which I don't have  a time for. Iam more than happy to speak the TRUTH about Jesus to you but you seem to remain unteachable and uninterested so i won't. I hope you have an amazing, beautiful day, as I will be soaking in the peace and love of God today! 
You're very persistent in labelling the Christian faith 'a belief in  mythology' for someone who thinks that what one believes doesn't matter.

Beliefs *do* matter... The belief you're espousing in this thread is a great example of how a belief can motivate one to do/be something.
This is just my personal situation and something I believe :) thank you for your input
I'm super impressed with your patience!

Anyway, my wife is a non-believer too, and it makes for rough going sometimes.  Thanks for sharing your experience-it resonated with me.  I wish that I was able to give you more specific advice, but that will come from God.

I do have two things to say though.
1) Your husband is the most important person in your life!  If God works out all things for the good of those who love him, what does that say about this struggle?
2) I have been praying a simple prayer for my wife for 2 years now, and have been blessed to watch Him work-on both her and me-through difficult circumstances.  Be strong and faithful!

If you would like the prayer, please PM me.  God supplies what is needed. 
I'm glad that it helped you in your situation a bit! Thank you for sharing. You're absolutely correct! How awesome of you to keep your faith as a man of God for your family, don't ever stop pushing forward..  and how awesome to see him move in the midst of our marriage when we ask him to intervene. I was in a very rough state last night and after talking to a few here, I left to pray, came back and my husband was extremely open to communicate. I don't believe that was a coincidence, it was god! He is a restorer of all things. I will pray for you and your wife..Stay encouraged, friend. God is so so good. 



Hey redditors, 

I was wondering if you guys could keep my church in your prayers. Our pastor (~60yrs old) died yesterday from a massive heart attack. He was walking and joking and talking one moment and the next he's gone. He is an amazing man and my church family and I love him so much. It's such a sudden, shocking occurrence and a lot of individuals are really shaken up by it. We know he's with Jesus, but it doesn't make it a lot easier for us to understand why he had to die now. 
So yeah, if you could pray for my church and especially for my pastor's wife and their children and grandchildren, I would really appreciate it and I know they would too.
[deleted]
My condolences. I'll be praying for your church. I pray that the church and the pastor's family will look to Christ in this time of sorrow! His grace is all we need. 
I know that it's kind of late to reply, but I just came across this now, and I'm praying for your church. May The Lord bless it and make it a light to your community
praying for you brother and for your congregation (and the family).  What you can know for sure is that this didn't take the Lord by surprise and that He has a plan for you and your church.  God bless.
This is great news. Thank you for sharing.
I hope he burns in hell. Oh wait, heaven and hell is a fairy tale
Hail the devil, you asswipes 
thank you so much!!
Thank you!
Thank you :) I really appreciate it.
3/10, may provoke some anger in obvious individuals.

Here's my upvote (and because both those "Christian" statements appear absolutely nowhere in the Bible. It's actually blasphemy.)
How'd r/atheism react?
As having been both a christian and an atheist at various points in my life, I cannot agree more.
here here
Psalms 5:5-6
Agree completly. when I see some one who claimes to be a christian holding a sign that says "God hates X" I feel like not being very christian twords them. No indeed I feel like runing them over in a panzer. I cant tell you the amount of times I have been labled a close minded fool who hates everyone, and all because of these idiotic so called christians. They are slandering christianity, and they are slandering God. 1 Peter 3:15, But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.
someone had beaten me to it and they had gone into full pompous defense mode talking down and completely dismissing any criticism
I can has Panzer?
Its on lease. So no. Sorry.
I'm planning to do it in 36 hours. It all depends on if i pass my driving test, if i fail again, I can't live with the pain anymore. From my understanding of the bible, you can't lose your place in heaven if you accepted Jesus as your savior. I'm scared to death to meet S. I have to be sure that I will meet my grandpa again. Would praying for the lord to keep my soul, before doing it, help? I know this a difficult question, but i really have to know.  
I don't know, but even if you pass your driving test you are going to run into much more difficult challenges. Why did you fail? What can you do to fix it? Whatever the answers are you will only get stronger by moving forward. You are going to be ok kiddo
God Loves you no matter if you drive or take the bus. God doesn't want your family to feel pain for your decisions. 
Hi Ynrachen. Please don't do this. Why are you so concerned about this driving test? I don't know the answer to your question, but I suspect that God will not look favorably on willful indulgence in a sin. Who was your grandfather? My grandfather died in 2013 and I still miss him and my grandmother a lot. It's strange, but I was just thinking about how long that's been last night. Do you go to church? Is there someone there you trust who you can speak with about how you're feeling? I've been in dark corners too, send me a message if you'd like. 
Brother don't do it. Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. 

Many Christians have fallen away from the faith, so I urge you to persevere. I promise you that things will get better.

I've attempted twice and I am glad I kept on going!

Life has so much to offer you! Think of the future, a wife, a family, a close relationship with God. You've got your whole life ahead of you. 

Trust in Him!
Don't give up
PLEASE call 1-800-273-8255

Listen I am 38, when I was 17 I  failed my driving test 2 times. I didn't have anyone to teach me to drive, so the third time I took a private driving class that I paid for. I am pretty sure I  gave the old guy teaching me a heart attack..the point is I passed. I have never had an accident. I have never had a ticket. I didn't give up.. Let God decide how long you live. Satan is just filling your head up with lies, that's what he does. Satan will kill, steal, and destroy. Don't let Satan win. If what you are thinking doesn't like up with God, get it out of your mind. And I am pretty sure that taking your own life does not like up with God's will. 
Jesus will ALWAYS love you don't let anyone tell you otherwise. HE made YOU for a purpose. Talk to him and he will remove these demonic thoughts from you...there is power in his holy name. Pray brother...he will answer you.
Reading through these comments, it seems as if failing your driver's test isn't the real problem. You keep saying "with everything that's happened." Is there something else that happened, that might be the real reason your considering this? Maybe something you don't want to admit?

Like everyone else is saying, I'm sorry, but no, committing suicide will not get you into heaven. First of all, it is going against one of the commandments, do not murder. You may not be killing someone else, but killing yourself is still committing murder. Also, it goes against God's will, which is to serve Him, and love others. How can you serve him if you're dead? How is taking your own life going to help you love other people?

My advice is, first, to try to talk to your pastor or your parents about this. If your pride prevents you from doing that, or if it scares you, them do this: log onto Reddit, and go to this post. Leave it up on the screen, and let someone else read it. If you are feeling brave enough, you can walk up and hand it to the person. If you are feeling slightly less brave, you can leave it up, tell them you need them to read something (you don't have to tell them what it is), and let them get to it on their own, then go and do whatever else you want to do. If you aren't feeling that brave, either, then just open it up and leave it where someone can see it, and make sure they know it's you.

Doing this will prompt them to act, and then you don't have to worry about how to bring it up/ask for help.

Also, pray. It may seem obvious, but ask for God's guidance in this. Ask for him to strengthen you, so that you can get through this. You said he has helped you through a lot, and I know that, if you ask him, he will help you through this, too.

That's all I can give you, at the moment, but if you need to talk, pm me, and I'll try to help.
Hey, I know you mentioned a lot of things in the comments and I wanna try and adress most of them and I apologize if I don't. 

I wanna start by saying that our God, the God we serve is so big, and so powerful, and so loving. So much so that in our entire lifetime we will never be able to comprehend his existense fully. It may seem like a bummer that we won't be able to understand him completely but it's also encouraging that everyday we live on this earth, we will be able to learn more and more about him the longer we seek after him.

In Colossians 1:16 it says "“For by Him all things were created that are in heaven and that are on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created through Him and for Him.”
‭‭Colossians‬ ‭1:16‬ ‭NKJV‬‬

The God you serve and worship created EVERYTHING in existense, without him, nothing would exist. If your God can create mountains, oceans, skies, animals, and even human beingd; then he can for sure save you from anything according to his will. There is nothing too small nor is there anything too big for God to deal with. 

Jeremiah says “‘Ah, Lord GOD! Behold, You have made the heavens and the earth by Your great power and outstretched arm. There is nothing too hard for You.”
‭‭Jeremiah‬ ‭32:17‬ ‭NKJV‬‬

Sometimes you may seem insignificant to God but we are worth more than we could ever imagine. You were worth God's only son. Jesus died on the cross so that you would never have to suffer that kind of pain EVER. 

“For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.”
‭‭John‬ ‭3:16‬ ‭NKJV‬‬

What you want to do in the next few hours is something that would make God so heartbroken and sad. God knew you, choose you, and loved you, all while you were still being formed within your mother's womb. He knows everything about you, and everything you plan on doing. 

“For You formed my inward parts; You covered me in my mother’s womb.”
‭‭Psalms‬ ‭139:13‬ ‭NKJV

“You saw me before I was born. Every day of my life was recorded in your book. Every moment was laid out before a single day had passed.”
‭‭Psalms‬ ‭139:16‬ ‭NLT‬‬

"Great is our Lord, and abundant in power; his understanding is beyond measure."
Psalm 147:5

In Philippians, Paul writes "Don’t worry about anything; instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need, and thank him for all he has done.”
‭‭Philippians‬ ‭4:6‬ ‭NLT‬‬

‬‬I know in life some things come to us that seem so overwhelming that we can't help but let it take over our minds, and our lives. BUT God tells us not to worry about anything. INSTEAD, Just pray. Pray pray pray. Tell God everything that's going on right now. Although he already knows everything, he wants to hear you confess it with your own mouth. Tell him the struggle you have with your drivers test, and your thoughts of suicide. He will listen to you. 

I know this seems very hard. It seems like there's no way that the God of the universe can relate to you, but he does. 

In John 11:35 it says "Then Jesus Wept". This was when one of his best friends, Lazarus had died. Jesus was so sad, and heartbroken, that he started weeping. Not just one tear of sadness, he Wept! He felt the pain and sorrow of losing someone close to him, even though he was God! 

Jesus was human just like the rest of us and he understands the pain and sorrow that we endure here on earth. He wants you to know that you are not alone, that he does understand what you are going though, and that he will help you with anything. But you need to call out to him. You need to ask him for strength. You need to rely on him for everything. You need to tell him that you cant do this on your own. 

Father, only you know what this person is going through. You know the struggles that have been put against them. You know the pain that they have been feeling. Thank you for being the God of the universe but also being the God of their life. I pray that you will give them the strength to live for you and you only. Help them know that living here is a privilege and they should spend the rest of their days worshipping and glorifying you only. There is nothing too small or to big for you to handle Jesus, and there is nothing that we should be worrying about because you are greater than all of this. I pray in Jesus name that you will heal this person of any negative thoughts and have them fix their focus on you and you alone. In Jesus name I pray that you will fill them with your holy spirit and change their life and attitude towards you God. In Jesus name I pray, Amen. 

I look forward to hearing from you within the next few weeks, and I will continue to pray for you. If you have any questions about anything I said, or questions about me, or just wanna talk feel free to message me at any time; I will always be open to conversate.  Thank you for reading. 
The question is , can someone who has a genuine saving faith in Christ, kill themselves?  I would suggest that no, they cannot.  Don't do it man. 
Don't do it man. I feel you're looking at this test as being a bigger issue than you should. Right now it seems like a large, overwhelming problem because it's right in front of you. Or that everything rides on this one thing. Everything rides on God, and he loves you, he hates death, and wouldn't wish it upon anyone. I'm sure your grandfather would also want you to live life to it's fullest without being cut so dramatically short. The world is a huge place, with so many things worth living for. You may just need spend some time discovering them. 

It's kind of a weird analogy, but the internet is huge, and has many many interesting things in it. You may at a whim say there's nothing that interests you on there for a moment, but in reality it's so vast that you just need a nudge in the right direction to find something you really enjoy. This life is what you make if it, so go enjoy Gods gifts of nature, or delve into an interest of yours with intensity. 

Also, a sidenote.  Life imo gets way better with age. I'm 33 and many of the worry or self doubts have vanished in time. It's kindof like playing a game where the first level is hard, but you beat it, buy more gear to make things easier. If you then replay the first level it's a cake walk because of building up your character. Then you look back and wonder what all the fuss was about. 
Hey brother, I just want you to know that I love you, along with everybody else in these comments, and most importantly Jesus loves you. You care about making others proud, but maybe you're just trying too hard. Your family loves you just the way you are, and not passing a driving test will not change that. I failed my driving my test too. I felt down, but I know that in the big picture I still have people who love me, as well as a God, *the* God, who loves me. 

I have felt like you recently, like I just don't experience a lot of victory. With that said, I'm not going to give up, and you shouldn't either. God put you here for a reason. You're here because God loved you before you were even born, and He has great plans for you. You have the ability to live a life full of love and light. You can help people who've gone through similar things as you, you can show them how the Lord has helped you overcome and be victorious. You might not see it now, but you can get through this.

Don't put your focus on your struggles, that will just make them seem bigger. Instead, think of all of the possibilities. Think of all of the great things you can do with your life. You can start a family, have a beautiful wife that loves you, you can be the dad to a beautiful child that loves you more than anything. The possibilities are endless.

No matter how unlikely it seems, you ***can*** find joy and happiness. I've gone through trials where I just couldn't imagine there being a way to fix it, but as always God makes a way. His solution is **NOT** suicide, His solution will involve much more love, peace, joy, and healing. Please honor God in this, and the way to do that is to pray to Him and persevere so you can do what you've been called to do on Earth.

Also, your grandfather would not want you to take your own life. Think of all the joy he poured into you, all the knowledge and happiness. Taking your life would be throwing all of that away. The lessons you learned from him and the joy he gave you would go down the drain. He would want you to use what he's given you to live the best life you can, in honor of him.

I pray that you talk to a pastor, counselor, loved one, anyone in person. Tell them how you're feeling. You don't have to face these trials alone, people are here to help you. You can go to any church and ask for help. You can also call a hotline or contact a counselor. I want you to be able to look back and say to yourself "I went through a rough season, but I am so glad I didn't harm myself because now I'm free." Have you told your family about how you feel? 

I think Tim Tebow's recent book might help you. It's called "Shaken" and talks about making it through hard seasons and relying on God. Here's the link https://m.barnesandnoble.com/w/shaken-tim-tebow/1123805734

Also, if you don't mind me asking, where will you be taking your drivers test? If it's at a DMV, which one? I know certain ones can be harder than others.



“For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.”
‭‭Jeremiah‬ ‭29:11‬ ‭ESV‬‬
http://bible.com/59/jer.29.11.esv
Praying now for you. That God lifts your spirits up and gives you joy unthinkable in the face of despair. He is always able to provide joy and peace. 
I love you. Please, please don't kill yourself.

Have you considered mission work?  Rather than waste your life, you could consider honoring your grandfather  by spreading the Word.

Mark 16:15 Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation.
Hey please don't take that chance. Life has lots of bumps and I promise you this-this driving test is only one of a few of them. 

We are meant to live eternally- and our lives are not ours to take. Keep your eyes on Christ. please don't hurt yourself. 
No he will not, because you have the knowledge of God within you brother, we are held at higher standards, while he may forgive some who take their lives, suicide is a big sin, taking of one's own life, the ultimate in self harm, you'd be thrown into the pit brother, you know too much. Ignore everyone who gives you the cliche "jesus still loves you" monologue, he will chew you up and spit you out because you should know better than this, and acting so non shallant about taking the life your God has given you, is probably a sin of pride and selfishness.

You also dont have jesus on your side so there's that, because if you did, youd feel joy, and never want to take your own life. 

Specially over something as ridiculous as because you didn't pass your test, when there's people out there with much worse but they're still holding on.

So I will pray for you, brother, but you've been given the answer you're looking for, I'm giving you the truth, even if it's not what your looking for.
I'm so so happy you didn't do it. You have so much ahead of you. In the worst of days remember you could save the lives and souls of others who are hurting. God has plans for you and will use you for rest of your life. Reach out anytime I can help any way. Love to bless you somehow!
Watch this video https://youtu.be/ZXlCeKBWfaA
You're wrong. You can very much lose your salvation by committing a mortal sin and not repenting of it before you die. Suicide aka *murder* is such a sin. Wilfully committing suicide is always damning.

Don't do it. If God wanted you dead, He'd arrange for it Himself.

[Read this](http://luke.dashjr.org/suicide)
Brother, I would ask that you open up the old testament, and read to understand what the wrath of God is. There are coptic christians is Syria being slaughtered and children murdered. Stories of father's having to contemplate killing there own children as to not fall into the hands of the jihaadists. There are people who have lost everything and find away to stay there hand and finish there course on this Earth. If you choose not to read understand this. God Almighty, El Shaddai the great I AM THAT I AM is an all consuming fire, when you are in his presence with your conviction of failing a driving test hold up to that all mighty being.

I shiver at the thought, You are placing your bets on the Messiah writing your name in the lambs book of Life. I recommend you read the parable of the lamps. Before you double down. For what fruits have you brought the lord? What have you brought him in exchange for you destroying something he crafted, and belongs to him and distorting his intention and will for your selfish ways.

I'm not normally this impatient but I have spoken nothing but truth to you if you want my personal advice.



May God bless you with the wisdom you so desperately need.
I failed 3 times already, if i fail this 1 again it's just proud brother. I already look like the dumbass anyway, but that doesn't matter too much. After the first 2 times i was like OK, i will get there! But as of right now this is my limit. I can't fail again. If i do i just give up on life it self. 
My grandfather, well, he was 1 of the nicest men i ever knew. He always took care of me, i was his first grandchild, and all though they never told anyone, i was his favorite. He was a strong man. Lost his dad to WW2, but kept believing in the power of God. I never got too spent enough time with him, but, to be completely honest, i had such a strong connection with him, maybe even more then with my dad. Yeah he was great man, and he meant a lot for me. I was a mess when he died. But the thing that kept me going, was the idea, that when I die, I will see him in Heaven..
Hey man, thanks a lot for the long message! I failed this morning. And i felt really bad. But I just couldn't shake off what i read on here. But still I was dumb enough to take a rope and get into the forest. The fresh air helped to clear my mind, and I always keep my cross close to me, and I just thought, you're all right, I got no right to throw away the life god gave me. I suddenly felt a lot better, and just had a nice walk. All though it was in a suit, because i figured that if I die, I at least be dressed up nice. Got a lot of weird looks and I think some knew, If you see a person in 30 degrees Celsius with a backpack, i think you know it means no good. But yes I'm alive and will continue to serve the Lord. Thanks a million times for your kind words, brother.
This was a very uplifting and warm post in the spirit of meekness you are truly blessed. May the seeds you sow bring fourth beautiful fruit before the lord.
But I believe that once you been saved, you just been saved you know brother? I just wish i can still get into heaven, but I'm unsure about this. We got free will, so will God be able to forgive this sin? It's like the final sin
You will not glorify God by taking your own life, you glorify him by spreading the message, and losing your life to the wicked one because of it.

You wanna die so bad, then go do what the apostles did, preach and save lives in the process, your day will come.
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | Rock Church - Life Without Limbs - Nick Vujicic by Nick Vujicic
Description | Today's message is from special guest Nick Vujicic in which he shares his miraculous journey of faith.  Rock Church is one of San Diego¹s largest churches. Founded in 2000 by Pastor Miles McPherson, former NFL player, the Rock¹s vision is to establish Pervasive Hope throughout San Diego and the world and now has multiple campuses across San Diego county.  Rock Church channel exists to share our videos, messages, and stories with the world. Please feel free to share our content with others.  Sund...
Length | 1:10:00

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
Please brother. I understand things can seem hopeless but there's nothing like the realization that God has something good for you ahead. He literally has plans for you that you don't know about that are amazing. There's so much to look forward to that you aren't aware of yet. 

If you want to talk I will talk with you. I have faced similar feelings of depression or hopelessness but I've come out the other side. And things are never perfect but I'm so happy today. 

You want to chat?  What do you have to lose? 


He sounds like a great person. Don't let his personality die with him. Live as he would have. That's the best tribute any person could ask for!
I'm so happy to hear this. I'm sure it was very difficult to not go through with what you wanted, but you made the right decision. Lots of times we are going to be put in situations where we know the right thing to do but we can't bring ourselves to do it. Thats what we have God for. Paul talks about suffering for Christ, and giving things up for him. And thats what being a Christian is. Surrending ourselves, our lives, and OUR will, in exchange for God's will. When we give ourselves up, God takes control and it's an amazing thing. 

Even before Jesus died on the cross he asked God if he could take it away from him BUT he ended by saying not my will but your will be done. 

Luke 22:42 New King James Version (NKJV)

saying, “Father, if it is Your will, take this cup away from Me; nevertheless not My will, but Yours, be done.”

The devil is going to try and break you down, but understand and know that God will always be by your side no matter what! And even when it's tough we need to let go of what we want and give it all to God! 


Do you think its Gods will or yours?  Are you relying on emotions or scripture? Its clear that you are after your will and using your emotions as a guide.    Don't do it. 
It's just diffucult to give up your pride. If i fail this time i will die. I know that nobody will be able to stop it.. but it's just.. do i still get to get into heaven.. 
Hey man I get the pride thing and many have been In a situation like this before. Now every person who has been saved sins, and we must continuously ask forgiveness for those sins. Now how can you ask for forgiveness after you've died.
Not only that but think of every one else that will be left behind with out you. 

The world WILL NOT be a better place with out you. This is not the way to do it. God wants you to be strong, this thought in your head is the devil. Be strong stay strong pray to God speak to a preacher do not do this. Please do not do this 
The answer is no. You are undoubtably going against God's commandments and will because you're upset. The Lord has given you life for a reason. To bring Him glory. Do you think taking the life he's given you is giving him glory? 

Also being a Christian isn't about getting into heaven, that's just a sweet bonus. It seems like you're living for yourself and your own wishes and not thinking much about God. 

You're going to miss out on the beautiful life given to you because you didn't pass a drivers test, which in the grand scheme of the world, doesn't matter?

Getting to heaven is God's wish for us his desire is for us to be with him fully in  spirit and body and in heaven that's what it will be. The alternative the only alternative is hell. Suicide will not get you to heaven I promise you that
Man, i've given my life to god but i dont know anymore :/ It's not that i dishonor god or place myself before Him, but so many things happened, I just want out if i fail again. Im sorry okay :/ Dont think I'm going against god as i never will but so much has happened.. 
God gave us life as a gift what you are going through now are trials and tribulations get through this you can and you will put all your faith in God he will carry you through
I've been carried through so much by believing, the power of God is really amazing. But i really wonder if it will be enough this time. I will make very rushed decisions and kill myself before I can even realize.. I just have to pass and make everybody proud
How can you say its not dishonoring God or putting yourself before Him? He gave you your life, who are you to take it?  Who's will is it?  I don't think Gods will for any of us is to murder ourselves, since murder is a sin afterall.   
God is always enough and the only one you need to make proud is God that's it. And I'll let you in on a secret, work as if working for the Lord and he will always be proud. If u fail so be it God will still be proud. But I need you to stay strong no matter what the outcome. You don't need to end it all. Trust me bad times are plenty but good times are always right around the corner. You have to get through the bullshit to get to the good
I dont know man, really, it's so weird. Even after everything, I'm so messed up, but i still believe in Him. But at this point i dont know anymore really. 
But, i have to be good in Life.. I feel like i fail everything. 
Ignore your feelings and destructive thoughts and pursue Him and only Him. He will sustain you!
Life is about failure my friend it's what defines us it's what makes us who we are. God doesn't care about a driving test it does not matter not one bit. 

By asking this community for help you know even if it's subconsciously that suicide is not the way to go. That little voice in your head that tells you to do it is  wrong. That is the devil. He does not want you to go to heaven, that was once his home before he was defeated. Defeated remember that Satan is nothing he is defeated do not listen to that voice 
Thank you, brother. 
Yeah i know it's wrong. It's just something like a .. last option? idk. Thanks for the kind words. I will stay strong.
I beg of you, don't do it. 
Look man I don't know you and I'll probably never meet you but I love you as a brother. Stay strong if you need to talk PM me and one day we will meet with our Father in heaven
I'm really scared to do it. Best case if if i succeed, but even thinking like this is a sin. I hope everything will be alright
It WILL be alright, if you choose to trust God through your hard times.  

Panderer's gonna pander. He can hang this news story next to his Playboy cover.
He still beats Hillary! He got my vote
Ok so one day my pastor gave a sermon on blasphemy of the spirit. So i have terrible anxiety and i might have OCD. But i got back home and i was worried out of my mind that i would label the work of the spirit or the spirit himself as the work of satan. And i just couldent get my mind off of it.  And then the next day i broke under the pressure said aloud. "The holy spitit is of the devil".  So did i just commit blasphemy of the spirit? Keep in mind that i did not mean these words. Also i have also heard that blasphmy of the spirit is rejecting christ until you die. Is this true. And please give reasons why or why not.
That fact that you believe that Holy Spirit exists and is real is proof that you are not blaspheming Him. Blaspheming Him is completely rejecting Him as God. Now if it were me, I might repent of calling Him the devil and seek to grow closer to Him. Might be a good idea to seek a pastor counselor in regards to spiritual warfare and OCD/mental health.


No. Blaspheming the Holy Spirit is rejecting His call to you in your life. 
No, you didn't blaspheme the Holy Spirit. God is capable of distinguishing between an active rejection of His grace (which you have clearly not done, since you are worried about your relationship with Him) and a compulsive response to an anxiety disorder. 

You are not nearly the first Christian to be consumed by this thought. I was too at one point. Religiously themed OCD is called "scrupulosity" and it is a pretty common manifestation of the disorder. I think a lot of people with anxiety focus on this verse out of context, because it gives their OCD something to beat them up with, while ignoring the many promises that scripture makes about God's love and mercy. Many holy, good people have made the same mistake, so we shouldn't beat ourselves up over it too much.

I'd recommend you look at this [article](http://ocdandchristianity.com/?p=235). And I'd also recommend you talk to a counselor or therapist who can provide some medical guidance. There are medicines that can help some people, there is also cognitive behavioral therapy, which is sort of like training your brain how not to listen to the junk your disorder creates. I was tormented by these things for years, and a combination of the two has really given me back my joy and peace.

God bless you. Feel free to message me if you need to. 
The true blaspheming of the Holy Spirit is done with your heart and soul.  

You accept Christ not only as an act of your will, but of your soul. By the same token, if you were to truly reject the Holy Spirit, you not only reject Him, but reject Him so vehemently as to cry it out with your soul.  

The fact that you are concerned with this shows that you still care.  The devil is playing games with you right now.  Now is the time to come closer to Jesus through prayer and fasting. 
No.  

John Bunyan had a similar experience while under stress.  A person in your situation isn't capable of committing blasphemy against the Holy Spirit anyway.

If you look at the context, Jesus is talking about fat worldly priests who sprinkle the name of God like sugar over their secular causes as convenient and curse the word of God as evil.  You can find plenty of examples among modern episcopalian bishops.
It's not just saying it, it's meaning it too.
Thank you so much. That really helped!
I've been at the same church for 9 years this year, I love the church family. They are truly like my family. For the last 8 years I've been working for the media ministry I enjoy the creative outlet, but I feel it doesn't give me time to worship God on Sunday mornings (my full time job really doesn't have any wiggle room on my schedule to attend services any other time) I would like to step away from that ministry gracefully, but anytime I train someone to help me even once a month they flake out of doing it ever again. I feel I'm getting burned out and my wife tries to help but, we want to worship together. Also I get stressed when anyone else is doing that job. Am I just being a brat? How do I go about gracefully and kindly putting my foot down for not doing this for even a brief sabbatical?
I don't think it is bad you want to step down. It doesn't have to mean you will be gone forever, but if you are getting burned out it is important to refresh yourself. That does mean you would have to give up control though. And that can be hard. I would encourage you to speak to the church leadership. Maybe they can offer some suggestions or maybe they will even be ok with you just taking a break for a while. 
I'm the only tech guy in my church, so your question has piqued my interest.  It's worth noting that I haven't actually done any of the following, but I've thought about it a lot.  I'm currently happy sitting at the back for every service, but I might want to do other things in the future so have thought about it.

First, you need to check the purpose of the stuff you're doing. Is it beneficial to the church, and is it wanted?

I ask because when I'm not there they simply don't use the screen and don't record services, and nobody's said anything to me.  But then nobody says anything to me anyway, they just complain about stuff to their close friends and that's a different problem.  I suspect that if I left the church they simply wouldn't bother with anything technical, and that wouldn't be a problem other than inconveniencing a few people who have difficulty reading a hymn book.

If it is necessary then you need to speak to the leadership in your church.  It's simply not sensible to have a single person being the only person capable of doing a task within any organisation, and that includes a church.

Second, try figure out what exactly is putting people off.  Is it the commitment, or that they don't feel skilled enough, or that you're seen as dependable and it's entirely your turf? Again speak to the leadership about it and try and find a way forward.

My church is an old people church, there's only a few of us under 60 and those of us who are regular all have an active role, so there's a fear of tech to get over.  So, I'm making (very slowly) a simple app for controlling the screen which uses the volume buttons to move the slides along, so it's hard to get wrong.

Overall, tell your leadership that you need some time where you're just worshipping at your services, that you need a sabbatical and they either need to support you in it in finding someone for you, or they won't have any media.  This'll help tie in to my first point of maybe they don't care if there's no media.

I think using a screen is an important part of accessibility, it removes some of the barriers faced by unchurched people when they come for the first time (like trying to find a hymn, or a Bible passage, or know some of the inadvertent liturgy - for example, in my church we always refer to the drink part of communion as wine. It's non-alcoholic, and we have alcoholics in the congregation, and yet the preacher will never mention that it's alcoholic, so I put it on the screen).  But if nobody in the church wants to bother then perhaps it's ok to take a break.
Well, since you asked, yes, I do think you're "being a brat." Do you get stressed out when other people do it because they're not as good as you? If so, do you think it's possible they've picked up on this, and that's why they're quitting?

I was in your situation, and I learned to pray for my trainees rather than get frustrated with them. (I still look back to make sure they aren't asleep because that happened once!) I don't pray because they need prayer; I pray because I need to pray, to stay in a worshipful attitude rather than getting focused on the person's mistakes.
Ever since I was a kid, and before I knew the Lord, I have watched pornography.  It wasn't until years ago when I wanted to live for God and stop watching it that I realized I was addicted, and I couldn't stop.  So I know now, that I'm powerless to kill that part of my flesh by myself, and only through the power of the Holy Spirit will I be able to.

I've also learned that there really isn't any end to temptation, but that I must actually learn to fight temptation in the spirit and live like that.  So what I need prayer for is that fight.  Help me to suffer like Jesus suffered against temptation, but NOT give in to it.  Pray that I'll find strength when I'm weak, and that no matter what, that I'd see a day when I can live free from this vice.  I'm sick of constantly losing heart a few days into it and going back to it, I'm really trying to change for good.  It's really my only vice, and I know the amazing relationship I will have with the Lord if we stop getting cut in on by this demon.  Please pray for me you all.

ALSO, if there is any advice you have, ESPECIALLY if you have conquered this particular vice yourself, it's welcome.
[Psalm 37:4] /u/versebot
This might not apply to you, but it is my personal experience.

Getting to know the Lord better will help you in that struggle. I did not understand grace correctly and had a legalistic view of life where I tried to buy God's grace with my "good" actions, failing constantly. By understanding Christ better, my main feeling towards God changed from fear to love, and then it was possible to fight back my addictions with the help of the Holy Spirit and discipline. Seeing God as a tender and loving father and not as a cop helps. You mentioned wanting to live for God and it is a big one. When He is the center of your life, everything else will change.

I got more into church activities, I found new friendships, I started reading books from a bunch of different authors to understand the Bible better and to draw inspiration and drive from christian missionaries and pastors. I've been reading on how to pray more efficiently, etc.

Now "practically" speaking, put what causes you to sin as far away as possible. If it's computers, put them away or install filtering software, or only limit yourself to certain websites. I work in IT and it was made possible to me, so there's always hope. I stopped using computers at home for many months. Find new interests that will occupy your time. Read a lot about faith (in my case). 

Once you'll be free from it, there will be plenty of new (exciting) challenges. 


Praying for you, brother in Christ. Don't rely on your own strength, leave it all to Jesus.


Look for the "outs". The Lord will provide you ways out before you engage in this. When you are facing the temptation, look for these outs. They will be made clear to you. It will then be up to you to take the correct action.

1Co 10:13 -  There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; **but will with the temptation also make a way to escape**, that ye may be able to bear it. 

Also, recognize that this is a form of idolatry.

1Co 10:14  Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry. 

Flee from it. Physically get up and run away from it. 

Good luck friend. If the "outs" are not clearly presented, ask the Lord to make them clear to you. He is faithful and will do so. After this you need to step up to the plate and take the correct action. You can do it.

For more info on the idolatry angle, check this out: http://www.jonahministries.com.au/attachments/File/THE_DEADLY_SIN_OF_LUST__PORNOGRAPHY_AND_CONNECTION_TO_IDOL_WORSHIP.pdf


[**Psalms 37:4 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalms+37&version=ESV)

>[**4**] Delight yourself in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4gmycn/can_you_all_pray_for_my_deliverance/d2npwdo} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4gmycn/can_you_all_pray_for_my_deliverance/d2npwdo} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
I love that one...I really wish I could get to the point where God is better than ANYTHING else, and I'm just ALWAYS satisfied irrespective of the world's pleasures...don't we all I guess.lol
Well I've already gotten through the first part of your advice.  I've come to know the lord very well, and I know I can't reach holiness by my actions, and that He's not a taskmaster, but that he's going to do it for me, and I just have to stay in Christ.  The problem is, I know it theoretically but it has yet to work practically in this one area.  It's like all my flesh had been killed, and I've been totally transformed except in this one area.  I think God leaves it there on purpose sometimes, like Paul's thorn.  He wants me to experience enough grace to overcome it, rather than just taking it away.  So that's my journey now.  I'm trying to figure out how to do that practically.  
I've always seen this as idolatry...it's been trying to play God in my life for many years...

Jesus did warn us.

John 15:18-19)  **If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.** 

Wow we must be ready in the West because it is only a matter of time.  I pray for my Christian brothers and sisters all around the world.  However I pray more earnestly for them in Syria and China now.

Love this article!

Very few cases have been linked to Zika, this is true.  The cases linked to Zika are far more extreme than this woman's case, however.  Instead of just a smaller head/brain with some issues they have severe brain abnormalities.
I have no idea where to turn or what to do. My husband and I are drowning. We are officially late on our rent and I don't know what to do. 
We moved to a new city about 3 months ago and exhausted all of our savings doing so. Last month, I was downsized from the company I was working for and a week later my 2 year old ended up in the hospital. We struggled to pay rent last month and now I have no idea where it is going to come from. My husband is a teacher and has a degenerative eye condition so he can't work nights. I'm trying to find a job as a waitress and, believe it or not, they say I'm over qualified! If I find any other position I am "qualified for", it'll be 3 weeks before I get a pay check. 
I am in desperate need of prayers and any advice as to where we can turn to help pay our rent.
(Loans out of question because we now have items in collection)
Thank you for letting me cry and reading my chaos.
Keep in mind that the devil doesn't mess with the people who are not a threat. The fact that you are going through so much probably means you're doing something right.
Hey Erin, 

You're definitely not alone, and I will certainly send some prayers your way.  Remember that God provides.  (Matthew 6:28)  It's not going to be easy, but you are going to be okay.  I financial mess can certainly be one of the most stressful things to go through, but you can certainly make it though. 

I personally follow the Dave Ramsey plan pretty close.  It's pretty close to Crown Financial's plan.  My wife and I were able to get our of our drowning situation and pay off $50,000 in debt in four years, and we thought it was impossible.  I can tell you, the first thing your gonna need to do is get on a budget and get on a plan.  Your in an emergency situation right now, so you're going to pay for Food, rent and transportation first.  All the hospital bills and collections bills are just going to have to wait.  Once you get your income stabilized you can address them with the plan. 
Sounds like a pretty rough time, but there is one thing that you can be very grateful for right now. 

Your spouse is still there with you. Don't forget about that, because that's a wonderful thing. 

Other than that, sounds like a great time for you two to buckle down and get your prayer on! Some of us Internet strangers will pray and do what we can. 
I will pray for you.
That's definitely true, and a good point. A very good point. 
Totally true. The night my gf and I got engaged we were talking about what a positive day we had and expected evil to poke at us a bit, few minutes later my charging cell phone caught on fire. Haha just a little example
I absolutely love Matthew chapter 6. Jesus spells out so beautifully how the flowers and the birds are taken care of and so shall we be.

Prayers are very much needed and appreciated! We had a budget until our world was rocked last month. 

I know we'll be okay... it's just scary. Above all, I need to let go and let God take over - which is the scariest thing in the world to do.

Again, I greatly appreciate the verse, the advice, and the prayers. 

I am slowly reestablishing my relationship with God. I've started reading the Bible again and am listening to positive music that helps me with this transition.  See  "I am aware"  by From Indian Lakes! Anyhow,  pray for me please.  This transition is so difficult.
Ah, indeed it is. I think every Christian struggles with staying connected to Him. I'll pray for you. 

[deleted]
i think they're better off dead to be honest. maybe they can do us a favor and kill each other.
But what about all the *good* things religion has done? 
Who would cure cancer then?
People with religious beliefs do goods things sometimes .  But all the good things could be done without religion. However look at all the terrible things people do in the name of religion. Religion causes much suffering and pain, lets not forget all the harm done to children in the name of a god and in so many cases treating women as far less than equal. 

This article talks about killing someone for not believing in their god. When will the madness end ?


For some time in my life, I have struggled with same-sex attraction. In high school, I actively engaged in homosexual relationships until I encountered Christ in the 10th grade. After that point, I desired to live a life that was submitted to God and to the design that He intended for my life.

Most of the time, I consider it a joy to surrender my sexuality to the Lord, because He is far greater. But there are times when all I want is to gratify the desires of my flesh and pursue romantic relationships with other men because it doesn't always feel fair that I can't be physically attracted to a woman in the way that I should be. Lately, this has been a big struggle for me. 

I started working at a coffee shop in my hometown since I am home for the summer. I guess maybe I didn't have my guard up or something, but I started to catch feelings for one of my coworkers that I suspect is gay. I think he's interested because he keeps interacting with me through Instagram and Snapchat--we've been communicating back and forth and I definitely am not helping matters because I think I am leading him on in a way. I feel like I'm trying to get as close as possible to the sin that's crouching at my door, rather than taking refuge in the Father.

I feel like I've messed up by flirting with him and have now damaged my testimony to him. I want to share with him how I have been delivered out of this stronghold of sin in my life, but I don't know that it can have the same effect, now that he probably aware of my interest in him.

Apart from asking for prayer, I was wondering if anyone has had a similar situation, or if you could give any advice to me going forward. I honestly want to see this person come to the Lord and to be able to share in holy fellowship and in friendship with him, but my sin is actively polluting this desire and getting in the way of the truth.
I do wonder if it's any coincidence that certain situations seem to present themselves in the areas of your weaknesses

God says he will use trials and hardships to develop character in his children (Romans)

Ephesians - the armour of God. Take up your sword and shield to extinguish the arrows of the enemy. 

You already have victory in this area, you just need to walk it out.

Don't succumb to that mind game the devil plays of 'you have to perform 100% perfectly everyday to witness'. 

Go deeper with God and you'll be able to handle this test; spend less time with him and you're gonna succumb to sin 

And the test only exists to refine you and bring you closer to God
Don't feel bad for being interested in other people, human connections aren't bad when they stem from a desire to cherish and help others. Of course the sexual angle is probably very hard to ignore (and pure lust is never a good thing), but if it's nagging you just speak about it honestly: Hey, you're a great guy, but I can't because I don't think God wants me to pursue this relationship, or something like that. Stop interacting if that's what'll help you sort out your feelings. But please don't hate yourself for having them! Everyone has urges, we all have to fight them sometimes, same-sex or hetero. You sound like a great person. I hope you find a love that God can bless!
I have faith that your discernment is good enough to not heed the advice of 321dawg or anyone else who rationalizes sin. Stay strong brother, the joy of the Lord far surpasses the fleeting feeling of sin that leads to darkness. God is with you :)
As both someone who has struggled with sexual sin for much of my life, and as a guy who's about to marry a lesbian, I'll give you what advice I can:

First, no amount of your own sin can nullify God's power. Our weakness is a part of our testimony; in fact, it's where God's strength is perfected (2 Cor. 12:9). Now, our sin can and does cause consequences, that have the ability to drastically alter our lives for the worse, but God's grace is sufficient.

Secondly, never let your desire to be a witness lead you into compromising situations. Coming from a guy who tried to lead multiple girlfriends to salvation, it doesn't work. Yes, God can (and does) use you, and you should follow His direction, but a very clear direction He has already given is to flee temptation. What that specifically looks like in your situation, only you know.

Finally, I just want to encourage you...as I said at the top, my fiance (we're getting married next week) is a lesbian. She has been her whole life. But even so, as she has surrendered her sexuality to Christ, He has demonstrated his faithfulness. Physically her reaction to me has gone from "this is weird, and I don't much like it" to "I can't wait to have sex with you!" God has led her to a man who will care for her and can fulfill her sexually, even though it's not what she naturally enjoys. He can do the same for you in bringing you a wife who will far surpass your wildest fantasies. Now that's not to say that she has (or will ever) become straight, but she's found fulfillment in Christ in a way she never could with a girl.
Hi, I saw this post earlier on all/rising and you've been on my mind all day. I might not be the kind of person you want to hear from, I was raised catholic but I'm not very religious these days. 

I don't think God/the bible have been super clear about gays. Yes, there are a few passages, like in leviticus, about men laying with men being an abomination, but yeesh they also say a bunch of other crazy things that even the most religious don't follow (like stoning your family members). I think people have cherry picked certain verses and made a big deal about them, the gay issue seems like it's unfortunately been targeted. If God really had a strong opinion on gays, I think He would have made it very clear, like a commandment or have it repeated over and over, like loving one another. 

God made you the way you are and God loves you. He wants you to be happy and at peace. I personally see nothing wrong with same sex attraction, I have tons of gay friends who are in very loving relationships that are pillars of my community. 

I've been to some fantastic gay churches, one of the best services I've ever been to was at a gay church. During communion the pastor put his hands on my shoulders and gave me a beautiful, personal message of love. It was heartfelt, and he did that for everyone. Gay couples even came up and received communion together, the pastor did a little huddle with them to give them his special message. I'll never forget the feeling of love and kindness he gifted me that day. 

I think there's a way to reconcile both in your life, being Christian and being gay are not mutually exclusive. Maybe try looking for some gay churches in your area? Or even look online for gay Christian forums and just see what they have to say on the matter. 

I don't think praying away the gay has helped very many people. Even the guy who started one of the biggest groups for it, Exodus, has said it was a mistake. If you look historically, "gay sin" wasn't something that was considered or discussed much until recent times. It's a modern interpretation and I hope one day we'll move past it so people like you can blossom and flourish as their true selves. 

Best of luck to you. I know this is a confusing time but I think you are on a good path and want the best for everyone in your life, including yourself.

Edit: this subreddit may be of interest to you: https://www.reddit.com/r/gaychristians

And I just want to add, I hope I haven't offended anyone here. I come in peace.
Thanks for sharing that! I pray you don't get swayed by those who will respond to this in a negative way. 

I think it takes some serious strength through the Lord to surpass same sex attraction. I have had these attractions in my life as well, but they have mainly been an issue of lust. 

Lust has been the stronghold in my life and I was in a situation where I let my guard down with an unbeliever and surpassed a line I shouldn't have. I had to be honest with him that this really isn't who I am or who I want to be and it would be best for the both of us to not interact in a romantic way anymore, because it can't go anywhere.  

Honesty is the best. And nothing we can do will mess up God's plan for our lives and other's lives. 
I totally feel you. Before I became Christian I had multiple same sex relationships and I'm still trying to become as I should be. I'll pray for you. 
I'm afraid I don't have any wisdom for you, but I did want to express my deep admiration for your devotion to living out how you understand God's commands. You are doing something very hard and I don't know that I would have the same moral courage you do.
Bible says it clear: run away from temptation. 
This is my two, I'm sure unwanted, two cents. 

Your sexuality is not a mistake, and you are not a mistake. You are attracted to men. There's nothing wrong with that. Love/attraction between two consenting legal adults in which no one is emotionally/mentally/physically harmed is not wrong. 

I'd encourage you to allow yourself to be. Not to live for something you think you HAVE to be or be damned for not being. 

I'm an exchristian who typically avoids posting here (I understand that you have a right to your belief as strong and valid as my right in my opposite belief), but as someone who is not straight (pansexual) and went through a lifetime of trying to starve my identity to death, just know that I see you. I believe you. And I don't think you have to change/destroy yourself to deserve love. 

I personally found Christianity to be abusive towards me, but you may nut feel that way. Just listen to yourself ok? Know that it's ok to stay away from or change things that hurt you. It sounds like this person is a positive presence to you that you enjoy. It also sounds like Christianity is not that same way. 

Just my cents. 
Wow that's very brave of you. I'm praying for you brother. I pray that you will have strength. God bless. Good luck my Dude 
Nothing wrong with being queer, or in your case, gay. You should not be having any dilemma. Also, it's not illegal. So you're fine being gay. 
Be straight with him and tell him this
This is awesome. What an amazing testimony of the transformative power that is available to us in the Gospel. Thanks for the encouragement!

Hoping for a fruitful and Christ-soaked marriage!
You just said exactly what I wanted to, just in much more eloquently. Thank you so much for your love of humanity and love of the Lord.
Your message is warm, and I believe you are coming from a position of comfort, but your paragraph is a textbook example of how Satan works on our mind. The Bible is absolutely clear on homosexuality, it is indeed an abomination before the lord. Yes, people were stoned when they committed a greater sin, because this was before Christ and only blood can atone for sin, this is why burnt offerings were made unto the Lord. However if a sin was committed that was greater then a burnt offerings could atone for, death was prescribed under the law out of Mercy as atonement and they were delivered from the damnation of there sin. Life on this Earth is nothing compared to the life of a soul. He is the Potter we are the pottery. Death has no hold on someone with saving faith.

Alot of the things you are saying sound nice but are unfortunately deceitful and can lead people.to damnation, such as "God made you just the way you are". God made you in mortal flesh and in our flesh dwells no good thing. If you seek permission to sin then you will walk with itching ears to find someone who preaches the message you wish to hear, you will not be able to feign ignorance to the lord, and if you are born again you know I am speaking the truth. 

The last part is also not true, sodomy is found all through the Bible and it always results in the utter destruction of the nation's that practice it. In genisis it was sodom and gomorrah, it was forbidden and written clearly in the law of Moses. Joshua when. Going to war against the nation's for the promise Land was told to make peace with all nation's but to slay ever man, women and children of the nation's of the sodomites. God hates sodomy, and that was not a remnent of the law or sanctified by the cross as the Apostle of Christ Paul said marriage is beetween man and a women, and to flee from fornication and sexual immorality, which upholds the old testament law concerning sodomy.

I post this because I want you to know the truth, you can walk around telling people that God is love, God made you just the way you are and he wants you to be happy, and go go off and dwell in sin and the things he hates and then you will discover the truth about our god. That our God is El Shaddai, God Almighty an all consuming fire he is not fooled and perfumed words never have and never will cover your sins.

I find your post interesting because it embodies how we justify sins to ourselves, and how we glorify ourselves instead of God. "God only wants you to be happy" this is backwards it is we who should seek to please him.
Thanks for this! Normally, it's not something I have to worry about. I spend most of my time with Christians, so even if I am attracted to someone, I don't really have to worry about being led away in the same manner. I'm simply praying that the Lord will deliver me from evil and will empower me to be faithful to Him during this time of temptation.
Thanks, brother.
Thank you, and you're very welcome! :)
Thank you, that means a lot to me. I didn't feel entirely comfortable posting here but I couldn't get this person off my mind. 

My childhood church had a lot of fire and brimstone, I always felt Jesus' love but thought God hated me. It wasn't until I was a teenager that anyone told me, really made me understand, that God loves me (and everyone else). It was like a huge weight was lifted and my relationship with God became so much better. 

Oddly enough the person who helped me see the light is one of the most pessimistic, bitter, angry people in my family! She's had a hard life, I'm glad at least she knows God is on her side.
Here is a new testiment example from the first chapter of Romans.


24 Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:

25 Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.

26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:

27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.

28 And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;

29 Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,

30 Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,

31 Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:

32 Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them


https://youtu.be/B6fA35Ved-Y

God is always near, even if we don’t see it in the moment. I can often look back after I am out of the moment and see God was close by all along. Being chronically ill, or just facing a trying time is probably the hardest time to remember that because you are literally fighting against fleshly pain and faith. For me, I get a reminder everyday that this “chronic” illness isn’t going away.  My faith in God is constantly tested and believe me it’s not easy to stay strong. It’s in these times that I have to dig deep and my faith has to outweigh my pain.
Thank you. I'm going through a trying time right now, and I needed this encouragement. 
Thank you for sharing this. Truly, God speaks through other people. 
☺ I am praying that whatever you are going through right now that God will give you comfort and peace. 
I am so glad that my post encouraged you.
Yes I agree, he does.   
Thank you so much! Amen! God bless you so much! 
I have to say that I am questioning everything. She lived with COPD for 7 years. The last three years I was able to take care of her full time. Hospice came for her a few months ago and they moved her to my mothers house.

Watching someone suffer so much in just trying to take a breath.. It really questions my faith. I'm sorry but this is just so hard right now.
>Watching someone suffer so much in just trying to take a breath.. It really questions my faith. 

It should. Why would some deity exist that allows suffering?

What is a god, anyhow?

None of it makes sense.
I'm very sorry for your loss. Losing a loved one is never easy. Below are a couple of verses that I lean on when things are tough. Do you know if she was saved? If so, you can rejoice in the fact that she's not suffering here anymore but she's with the Lord.

Romans 8:28
Isaiah 55:8-9
Good memories. Take care my friend. I'll pray for you and your family in the coming difficult days. 
I'm sorry for your pain and loss. It is natural and normal to have questions when things don't make sense. Finding the answers will strengthen you and your faith if that is what you choose. May God comfort you and your family during this time.
I get that. If god wouldn't have touched me in the way he did I might think the way you do. Even with all of that it's still hard. I hope you can find faith in his name.
Thanks for your kind words. Yes she was saved.
Faith is not a way of knowing anything. The word "god" refers to nothing in reality. Nobody should be using faith in any way.

What does it mean "in his name"? 

We need to make sense when we talk about things that are asserted to exist in reality.
I lost my grandma a year ago April and it was tough. We were very close.  She smoked heavily her whole life, and she wasn't diagnosed with COPD officially but she likely had it. She had diabetes, that and the smoking meant she had really bad vascular disease and that lead to an infection in her heart. Anyway it was a difficult time and still is. The thing that got me through it all was knowing God works all things to his glory and she was saved and in a much better place. It's still always tough but I found great comfort knowing she was with the Lord. 
He physically touched me. I know it's hard to grasp. Even my friend that had been a devout Christian for 30 years had a hard time with what I shared with him. I get it.
I am just glad that she isn't suffering anymore. My daughter is having a really hard time. My grandmother liked to share stories about me as a kid with her. I'm glad she got to share one last story before she left us.
>He physically touched me.

What is a god? How do you know it exists? How do you know it touched you?

>I know it's hard to grasp.

Until you provide information that shows what you speak of holds any water, it will be impossible to grasp by any reasonable person.

>Even my friend that had been a devout Christian for 30 years had a hard time with what I shared with him. I get it.

Then provide information, or there's no reason to believe you.
How can I provide proof of my experience? I have no proof for you. I just know that he came to me in the way that I needed. Then when I was shown the scripture behind what I had experienced I knew he was real.

I'm glad that you are here in this subreddit though. You are searching for something. I will pray for you.
>How can I provide proof of my experience? I have no proof for you.

Exactly! Your experience, if you call it evidence, isn't really scientific evidence. What your experience really is is just your interpretation of events in your life. There is no reason for us to think that your interpretation of events is true.

This is why we need evidence OUTSIDE of what you think is true to show that what you say is true. Got it? :)

>I just know that he came to me in the way that I needed.

No, actually, you only believe that (to an extent). To know is to have knowledge, which is to have scientific evidence (meaning evidence others can verify).

>You are searching for something.

You don't know why I'm here. Don't use armchair psychology. To know such a thing, you'd have to ask me. Don't assume.

>I will pray for you.

All studies have shown that praying doesn't do anything.
> There is no reason for us to think that your interpretation of events is true.

I don't need you to think. :)
>I don't need you to think. :)

Well, while you pray the rest of us will be thinking for you.
Thank you.
Meanwhile, you have no reason to know that your beliefs in this god thing aren't irrational.
Interesting comment history you have there.
Must do some digging if one of your obvious flock isn't commenting, eh?
This person's grandmother passed away and you're antagonizing them? For what? You couldn't turn me off more to atheism if you tried. No one needs your validation.
>This person's grandmother passed away and you're antagonizing them? For what?

So someone in someone's family dies, and they are forever in mourning? They can't have a conversation or a dialectic at all that isn't about happiness in the future?

>You couldn't turn me off more to atheism if you tried.

What does that have to do with atheism? WTF?

>No one needs your validation.

Validation for what?
>Well, while you pray the rest of us will be thinking for you.

It's like you're implying they are unable to think at all. You keep telling them to provide proof as if anyone has to prove to you that God is real in order to justify their faith. 


>It's like you're implying they are unable to think at all.

Oh, I'm sure you're able to think.. but while you're praying, you're not thinking. You see, you get more done by thinking and planning.

>You keep telling them to provide proof as if anyone has to prove to you that God is real in order to justify their faith.

Faith can't be justified. That's why it's called faith - without reason. No evidence.

I only ask that someone provide good evidence for something they assert to be true in reality - as any reasonable person should expect.
Hi. Thanks for coming around. This sub isn't really the place to be demanding that people justify their faith. As you can see, many of us are more than willing to talk about it and engage respectfully, but there is a conscious effort to keep this particular space free from that particular debate. Feel free to engage over private message with anyone who has chatted with you here (including myself) about these issues, or to take your question to one of the other subreddits (we have a couple links in the side bar to make this easier). I completely understand honest inquiry and am in no way saying that you can't or shouldn't question Christianity, just that this isn't the space to do it in. Is that fair to ask?
>I completely understand honest inquiry and am in no way saying that you can't or shouldn't question Christianity, just that this isn't the space to do it in. Is that fair to ask?

It should be done here or everywhere. Why have a subreddit alive that isn't even questioned? People are in your subreddit, convinced that this "god thing" exists.. and chatting about it. That's ridiculous.

But ok.
Thank you!

It's the same logic as having a subreddit for discussing climate change solutions, where those who deny climate change are not welcome but are encouraged to take those questions to another setting where that discussion can happen. I think that makes perfect sense. It's not that no one questions Christianity, just that the people here have been convinced (whatever their reasons happen to be), and want to discuss the surrounding issues :)
>It's the same logic as having a subreddit for discussing climate change solutions, where those who deny climate change are not welcome

They aren't welcome because climate change is a scientific fact. If anyone comes saying otherwise, it only brings debate over something we already know is true.

We don't have any idea what a god is, and therefore no evidence that one exists. So no, not the same analogy in any way.

>It's not that no one questions Christianity, just that the people here have been convinced (whatever their reasons happen to be), and want to discuss the surrounding issues 

Yet when asked what convinced them, they won't refer to scientific evidence, unlike climate change.
God is not a scientific phenomenon. Honestly, if you spend two full seconds thinking about it you would know that. God exists outside our universe, he's timeless, spaceless... completely outside the realm of science. That doesn't mean it's not real, it just means you're demanding we use a hammer to patch drywall. It's completely the wrong tool for this task, though a completely good and useful tool. Questions of the existence of God are about logic, philosophy, even history, but not operational science.

There's a very important distinction to be made about "what convinced them". A person's experiences are real and to be considered trustworthy unless presented with a sufficient defeater. This is called properly basic knowledge. For example, it is quite possible that you are a brain in a jar, and this entire world which you experience and every person you have ever met is merely the result of some scientist jolting your brain with electricity. Such an idea, while possible, doesn't automatically mean that our experiences are anything but what they appear to be: real. In order for you to believe that you do not really exist in this world, you would rightly need to be presented with some pretty serious arguments and evidence. Now, here's the really important bit: a person's experiences of God is not intended to convince *you*. You asked why *they* believe. I don't expect you to believe God is real simply because I've had multiple experiences of God. I do, however, expect you to believe that I'm sincere in my interpretation of the data I've been given. It is perfectly reasonable for *me* to believe in God because I've experienced God.

So, the analogy is exactly the same in every way except that it isn't a scientific question. We're talking about issues surrounding a question which all consider settled. The existence of God, the historicity of the Resurrection, the reality of the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, these things are established facts, at least as far as we're concerned. 
>God is not a scientific phenomenon.

So then you agree it's imaginary.

It's either one or the other. You have to take your pick.

>Honestly, if you spend two full seconds thinking about it you would know that. 

I've known for some type that it's imaginary. But do you?

>God exists outside our universe, he's timeless, spaceless

You're trying to define this "thing" according to what you think it ISN'T. You don't know what it IS. Until you can know what it is, and show us how you know what it is, then it's only imaginary. 

If you agree it's imaginary already, however, then we don't need to discuss this anymore.

It's imaginary, correct?

>it just means you're demanding we use a hammer to patch drywall.

Yes, trying to use scientific evidence to base an imaginary friend on would be ridiculous - I agree.

>Questions of the existence of God are about logic, philosophy, even history, but not operational science.

Nothing to do with philosophy. It can't be about logic, because that would require scientific evidence.

>A person's experiences are real and to be considered trustworthy unless presented with a sufficient defeater.

Wrong. A person's interpretation of an event (experience) could be incorrect. That's why we have scientific evidence - unless you agree that a deity is in your imagination.

Then I won't bother anymore.

>The existence of God, the historicity of the Resurrection, the reality of the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, these things are established facts,

No, they definitely are not.

>at least as far as we're concerned.

^^ And THAT being the key phrase. YOU can think that they are facts, but that doesn't mean they are unless you have scientific evidence in support.
I see you've bought into the absurd premise that science is the only real way to discern truth. It's self-refuting, since the idea that science is the only way to know what is true can't itself be proved scientifically and is therefore a philosophical statement. 

There are many things which are not scientific phenomena but which we readily acknowledge as real. I'm also not sure how you've missed, in your categorization of all things as either scientific or imaginary, the idea of something being hypothetical and as yet undetermined. For example, the Oort cloud, a black hole, hell, the origin of life! Then there's other stuff that we definitely know, that isn't science. History is not operational science. You can't do an experiment to see if William the Conqueror won at Hastings in 1066. Logic is actually before science, because science depends on logic, not the other way around. You use logic to do science, you don't use science to do logic. Whether something is right or wrong, whether you believe morality is objective or subjective, is not a scientific question, but these are hardly imaginary qualities. 

>Wrong. A person's interpretation of an event (experience) could be incorrect.

You're absolutely right that a person's experience can be incorrect. I said that too. That's the line about being presented with a defeater. So, I'm not sure what you're getting at. Science is in many ways founded on experience. You do an experiment, report your experience, then others do the same experiment and report their experience. I don't think the two are as different as you think.
>I see you've bought into the absurd premise that science is the only real way to discern truth.

That can only be absurd if it's shown as such. So far, science works. There is no other way to uncover the truth of reality. I'm guessing you won't get anywhere to show otherwise, yet you'll talk the game of assertions with baseless support, I'm sure.

>It's self-refuting, since the idea that science is the only way to know what is true can't itself be proved scientifically and is therefore a philosophical statement.

That makes no sense. Science works. We see this. What else will?

This is where you tell us what else will - but we both know you won't. I won't see it in the rest of your reply, and you won't post it after. This should be a big indicator for you that maybe you aren't sure what you're talking about.

>There are many things which are not scientific phenomena but which we readily acknowledge as real.

I'd love to hear of anything of the like. Again, you haven't posted anything to support that, nor will you ever.

I also find it interesting you use the word "many", when you don't post even one.

>I'm also not sure how you've missed, in your categorization of all things as either scientific or imaginary, the idea of something being hypothetical and as yet undetermined.

"Hypothetical and undetermined" is still part of the imagination. Without evidence we can test (scientific), it remains only something we dream up. So no, I didn't miss anything. It's included.

>For example, the Oort cloud, a black hole, hell, the origin of life!

What about those things?

The Oort Cloud contains indirect evidence, just like black holes did at some point (did you know math was used to determine black holes first?). This differs greatly from an idea of some "deity", which is NOT based on any evidence, unlike the Oort Cloud and black holes.

Also, the origin of life? What about it? We have been able to replicate RNA, and are working to replicate DNA. We don't have all the answers yet, but guess what we have? Evidence to support it.. unlike a "god" - whatever that's supposed to be.

Basically, you attempt to use analogies, but they are all false. Until you have the slightest clue what a "god" is supposed to be, you certainly can't tell us what it is. Nor, could you tell us, with a straight face, that one exists. To try and put some deity into the same realm as actual science (yes, you referred to scientific things!) is ridiculous.

>Science is in many ways founded on experience. 

Science is supported by evidence. Testable evidence. That's what scientific evidence is.

>You do an experiment, report your experience, then others do the same experiment and report their experience. I don't think the two are as different as you think.

You can't tell us what a deity is, so it's completely hypothetical. Since we have no definition and clearly no evidence of what we are talking about, then the only way we can know of a god is because we thought it up - which means it's from our imagination.

Until you can show otherwise, it only lives there. This is logic at work.
I think we really are talking past eachother, because I read your post and found myself repeatedly saying "uh I answered this already". 

I gave you three examples of things that we know and understand that aren't science: history, logic, and morality. One might arguably include math in this category, but I'm not pushing that one. 

Having indirect evidence is exactly the type of evidence we have for God. So what I'm hearing from you is that the Oort Cloud and black holes are on the same level of understanding as God. I'm not saying that, but it sounds like you are.

I'm not sure why you find the idea of a disembodied mind existing outside our universe such a frightening and strange idea. I'm not even sure what your "what is a deity" question is supposed to be asking. Are you wanting an answer like "a being of power, knowledge, and ability sufficient to create a universe"? Or are you looking for something more Anselmian, like "the greatest conceivable being"? Or maybe you want a practical definition, "that which is the object of one's worship"? Perhaps a moral definition, "the being whose character is the essence of moral truth and understanding"? I literally came up with those off the top of my head, I'm sure if you wanted to consult an actual philosopher or apologist they'd be able to give you something more like what you're looking for.

I see you've completely sidestepped my point that what you call evidence I'm calling shared experience. At any rate, many of the great minds of science throughout history and today as well have espoused their belief in theism. Have a read through some of Francis Collins stuff, the codiscoverer of DNA. Or Francis Bacon, or Isaac Newton, both of whom showed far more devotion to their faith than can simply be explained by mere cultural norms. I just utterly fail to see how science and faith are supposed to be mutually exclusive.

At any rate, we've chatted about this enough. If you want to go through some of the serious arguments that Christians make for the existence of God, have a read through the work of someone like William Lane Craig (here's the first article I found on his website where he talks about it, but there's lots more if you're interested: http://www.reasonablefaith.org/popular-articles-does-god-exist). 

Again, feel free to raise your concerns on one of the other subreddits. I think these conversations are important and valuable, and there are many who agree with me who would also gladly engage with you.

If you'd like to continue our conversation, feel free to do so over private message to me. In fact, if you feel like letting me know what you thought of that article over PM, I'd love to hear your thoughts. I only read about the first quarter of it to make sure it was what I thought, so I'll read it over too.

Thanks for the respectful chat. Have a great one!
>I gave you three examples of things that we know and understand that aren't science: history, logic, and morality. One might arguably include math in this category, but I'm not pushing that one.

To help you with history, please see: [This.](https://www.quora.com/Is-history-an-art-or-a-science-Why)

You'll see it's irrelevant to bring up. Also, logic is the science of rational thinking and reasoning.

Morality, as Sam Harris notes, can very much be dissected w/ science. You should read his book on the topic.

And math, yes.. it's conceptual that we use to understand the universe around us.

In any case, none of this helps you with this "god" thing, as I've already pointed out. There's still nothing aside from science that you can use to tell us about this deity - what it is and how you know it exists.

To think we can use other than science means that you know of another way to show what this god thing is other than using science. Yet, you have shown no such information.

>Having indirect evidence is exactly the type of evidence we have for God.

You haven't even told us what one is... so how could you have evidence for one? That's ridiculous. (I don't expect you to be able to handle this conversation logically at this point).

>I'm not sure why you find the idea of a disembodied mind existing outside our universe such a frightening and strange idea.

We know of no mind outside of a body. Therefore, it's irrelevant what I think of the idea (is that what you're saying a god is? heh). You have to show it's possible first.

>I'm not even sure what your "what is a deity" question is supposed to be asking.

Pretty simple. A deity is a god. You have to tell us what it is. How can you provide evidence for something you know nothing about?

>Are you wanting an answer like "a being of power, knowledge, and ability sufficient to create a universe"?

I want to know what it is. What is it made of? How does it live? Where does it live? Then, tell us how you know ANY of that information. Trying to tell us it has "power" - means nothing. Trying tot ell us it can "create a universe" means nothing.

"A being of power" means nothing.

>I see you've completely sidestepped my point that what you call evidence I'm calling shared experience.

You must provide testable evidence for this deity after you tell us what it is. People telling stories isn't scientific evidence that is required for this.

>If you want to go through some of the serious arguments that Christians make for the existence of God

Been there, done that. Twenty years in the making here.



Prayers sent their way (and yours).
Just prayed! He'll be alright!
Thanks to everyone for the prayers. That's really amazing of you all. Mr. Baldwin was found dead, however. He committed suicide. Even still, God is sovereign and worthy of praise. I'll be praying for the family. :(
Since learning of the attack at UT Austin that left freshman Harrison Brown dead, I have been very distraught. I haven't ever felt this way about someone who I don't know dying/being killed. I cried. Maybe it was a combination of things that made it that much more sad and why I started crying, but I'm writing here tonight because of what happened later.

I was on my way home from work and my dad was in the car and I brought up Harrison and how I'm so distraught. He said that I'm probably sending my angels to him and his family. He was pretty sleepy when he was telling me all this so he was very loopy and subtle about it all. But when I got home I did a prayer (I'm not very religious but have always wanted to be more religious) for Harrison and his family and friends.

This is where I felt it... while I was praying, I felt waves traveling up from my heart and through my neck. Once I had finished praying I felt a little shortness of breath like I had let out a huge breath and tried breathing out more. I want to know if that was me sending my angels to him and his family and friends, or if that's what it feels like to pray, because this is the first time I've felt it but not the first time I've prayed (although I haven't really prayed *that* much in the past).

I just want to know if anyone knows the meaning of what I felt, or what it was or if it was just something random.
Hey bro! It sounds like the Holy Spirit was flowing though you! If you do not know who that is it is the spirit of God that flows through believers to help us feel a lot better! When you pray you don't send angels to people you talk to God! When someone is in heaven they are in eternal joy so they do not need help from angels. If you have any questions bro hit me up!
God tests your heart.  

A Prophet or a Child of God is heart powered.  
That's really cool man! Feeling compassion like that is s gift for sure! A lot of people can't do that.
First off, hi everybody, I hope everyone is doi by fine and has a God blessed day.

Now this isn't my story persay, it's not what made me repent, this is a story about what happened to me after I came BACK to jesus.

So, a long night, of talking to God and facing problems in life, I ask for another chance from him and he gives it to me. I could feel his presence all around me, and was even able to sleep again without waking up throughout the night.

So, I go into work the next morning and two things happen... first, I go out the back door for a smoke break, and yes I'm on the verge of quitting, but the this was right after coming back to you guys, so I'm standing there, and a black van pulls up across the street, and two guys in full black with black sunglasses came out. I swear to you, I am not overexaggerating.

They were walking my way, and I initially thought maybe they needed directions, maybe they're holding an event, etc.. and wanna ask me about something, so I wait for em to wall over, and the tall one offers me a pamphket, ya know, the pamphlets from Sunday school, and he says to me do you know about god? I say yes, he says do you have a bible? I said no, because my only bible was on my phone and I wasn't gonna give it to him, lol so he hands me the pamphlets and says pick any you want, so I do..


After that, they simply leave, and I go back inside. After this, I notice it is a pamphlet with the initials "JW" on the bottom, I knew it was jehovah witness but I thought nothing of it, I thought jw, catholic, christian, they're all basically the same right. 

After work, I get home, get on YouTube on my phone like I usually do, and I swear to you, the very first video on my home page was a video titled "jehovah witnesses are not saved!", I watched it of course and threw the pamphlet away, I still read my Bible and I'm happy to read Christian pamphlets,  but that's as far as I'll go. Is this just not surreal? Let me clarify, I haven't had anyone come up to me from a Sunday school, since I was 16 (over 5 years ago)and even then, I wasn't a christian, so I thought nothin of it, but this was freaky.. it's like the devil was like "if u wanna be saved then here ya go" and then when I got on youtube, God said "that man lied to you", paraphrasing of course lol 

Also I apologize for any typos, I'm on mobile, autocorrect ya know.

So the secoND thing, was one day, I was reading how angels of God and also fallen angels can present themselves as any other human. Then, the weirdest two customers came into my store, one who was very sweet, she just had a divorce and wanted someone to talk to, and the other one... well, when I turned around she started cussing right off the bat, I just kept my cool and the girl kept repeating "what the f is wrong with you!? Where's your manager, what the f is wrong with you!" And all I did was turn around a little too late, I didn't even know she was behind me cause I was making food for the store, and she never rang the bell.. why do the heathens rage? Again, this is my work, most people do not strike up a conversation like that, cause it's a cafe, all the food is basically out there already it's not like wendys, these two wanted my attention, and this stuff never happened until I got saved again.

Anyway, I've got plenty more but I wanted to share this with people who'd appreciate it, and understand.

God bless all of you here
Oh and do you guys have any stories like this?? Maybe after being saved stories? Certain events that solidified the deal
Honestly it's the weirdest and worst battle I've ever fought. Logically I know He has overcome, I know he has won every battle but my entire being tells me differently.

I see people at church and they seem so free and happy. Heck I see non-Christians more happy than me I don't understand it. I feel guilty for being unhappy but when I try I feel bad for faking. I know what Philippians says but I need that joy beyond understanding.

Anyone else feel this way sometimes?
Of course Christians can struggle with depression. It's like every other illness! Some people only go through depression because of a situation, others because of chemical imbalances. God can choose to completely heal us, or He may choose to let us keep it. Either way, he is there to help us. Just like Paul struggled with his "thorn" sometimes depression is something we have to live with and therefore rely more on God through.
 I do encourage you to seek medical treatment or counseling. Just like any other medical issue, God can use doctors to bring healing. Also, godly mentors and friends are so important to encourage and listen when you are struggling. I am praying for you, my friend!
I had depression for years, along with alcoholism a few years ago. I've been a Christian my whole life, but I was struggling with my faith, family, ideas, principles, everything. 

Don't give up, there is always a good time around the corner. I'd give you advice, but I don't think this sub would appreciate my way of finding peace. If interested, PM me.
Not me, but my wife and daughter.

There are two important things to remember:

* Christ did not promise us "happiness", not in this life, anyway. Rather, he said we would have trouble in this world and not to worry, because he had overcome the world.
* You likely have a medical condition: chronic depression. This can be treated with medication and cognitive therapy. See your doctor and ask about it. Prayer helps, but it's not all you can do.
Yup, Christians can suffer from depression. Don't let that lead you to believe that you're somehow less of a Christian though. Also, don't fake trying to be happy. That'll wear you out so fast and contributes to the "mask" problem in churches where everyone thinks they have to put on some sort of face at church.

There are seasons of joy and seasons of sadness. 
[Ecc. 3: 4](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+3%3A+4&version=NIV)

As brothers and sisters in Christ we are not to overlook those seasons and dismiss them, but walk beside each other as we go through it.
[Rom. 12: 15](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+12%3A15&version=NIV)

Our Lord doesn't promise us that we will avoid all trouble in this life but that he will be with us through it. 

> Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
> [Ps. 23](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ps+23&version=KJV)
[This](https://itunes.apple.com/nz/podcast/grace-vineyard-church/id298755470?mt=2&i=1000377400980) is the pastor and his wife from my church. 

This was before I found my faith again. It really helped me go back to church. 

I've struggled with depression my whole life. You are not alone. 

I had a pretty rough period a few weeks ago, but turning to God has really helped. 

Do you have a sort of mentor program at your church? Someone you can be paired up with to help guide you? 
Get the focus off of yourself and onto Jesus.
I battled depression and bipolar disorder for years (since I was ten) before I met Christ. I got saved about 3 months ago and I've not had an issue since. Depression has a way of taking everything we know and changing it. Nothing in your life has changed it's just your outlook that has. 
You're being oppressed by something (maybe a person, situation, etc.) comparison is the stealer of joy. Don't look at other people's happiness and compare it to what you've got or what you're dealing with. 
Just keep praying for God to reveal to you what's going on, to show you what you need to do, and for strength to fight this. Give it all to him and don't take it back.
Yes. The feeling of failure and sinning is what contributes to it. The thoughts of allowing obstacles get in the way of me getting closer with God through bible study and fellowship gets to me. It sorta also makes not pray as often as I used to which makes me more ashamed in coming to him when I feel like talking to him before bed. 
Im only depressed because I am very lonely in my whole life.. I am thankful for other things, but this one just kills me inside, and cant feel the other good things in life... I quitted church 4-5 months ago, because I felt more lonely there than anywhere else... Depression is I think one of the - if not #1 - worst illness in our world today even among christians...  

BUT it doesnt last forever... It always have a reason if you are depressed... For me it is the lack of connection with God, and addiction for 15 years.. sometimes He just let us experience the worst conditions possible, so we finally admit we should seek Him first. Through struggles, and failures we become a better, and stronger person. Thats exactly what He wants

Dont give up, better times coming :) 
  I'm a Christian and I struggle with depression & anxiety. It's a disorder, as real as a broken bone. You logically know that He has an amazing path drawn for you, but you still feel another way, and while it's not something you decided to have, you can decide to take action against it by seeing a mental health doctor (aka therapist/counselor). The doctor may prescribe antidepressants, which never worked for me. 

  I had to change my thinking and start thinking positively. It's a difficult road to go down at first, but I found that once I changed my thinking and put myself on a good schedule, I did very well. I started waking every day at 6 to exercise, and then I'd shower, eat breakfast and take time to listen to sermons or motivational videos. Then I sent my friends good morning texts and asked how they were & wished everyone a good day. I'm just saying what helped me, and I have a link to my favorite motivational video. It's about 10 minutes long and worth every minute.

  I wish you good luck with your journey, and know that you can DM me if you ever need anything. You are loved and depression doesn't make you any less of a person or Christian- don't ever think that ❤

  . [Are You Serious? (motivational video / speaker Jim Rohn)](https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=njQcOKOpFwk) 
Woah thanks this helped a lot. I know the Bible pretty well and I know seasons but I just think it gets me down so easy when I see non-Christians who are happier than me. We're supposed to be the light of the world and like I dunno? It's like where is your god now kind of thing for me..
No not really. The church that's near my house is very culturally Christian but there are a few good people I'm in contact with.

Its just the lack of community I have in the off times. I have good talks with people and I have a therapist but there's a constant I would say cloud of anxiety over my life since leaving a leadership school last year. Its hard to explain but it has been weighing down on me this past year.


Jesus told us," In the world you will have trouble." (Tribulations )

Also Acts 14:22
"We must go through many hardships to enter the kingdom of God."

You are not alone in depression. You are not alone in your inner conflict of faith. You are not alone in the taunting smugness of the comfortable life of the faithless. All as is meant to be. Stay strong. The Devil is always angling to get a better shot at your faith and soul. 

Easier said than done I know. You may also have a psychiatric problem as well. This does not diminish the Glory of God. This does not make you less of a Christian. We are a community of brothers and sisters on all walks of life and education. Reach out to a professional that may show you the medical achievements God has led us to discover.

I will pray for you.
Give no place to the enemy. Give no place to guilt, worry, or bitterness. We all have those feelings, but you have the choice whether or not to allow it in you. Psalms 103:5 He fills me with good things, so that i stay young and strong.

Keep your trust in God, empty out the worry or negativity and God will fill it with joy. Bitterness, doubt, self pity, are infections to our spirit. You weren't created to carry that type of negativity. It's not beneficial to carry around- release that regret, worry and anger. If you empty it out, you make room for God's promises and maybe out of you pain, it will bring you a purpose. You may not be able to keep them from coming but you can keep them from staying. Being against yourself doesn't make it better, God doesn't remember your mistakes anymore. If you make mistakes ask for forgiveness, you don't have to pay for forgiveness, Christ already paid for it.  How much space have you been giving to guilt, regret, and shame? Empty it out! Remember God will never give you something you cannot handle. 


I was listening to the pilgrims progress and it said the word of God will be a choice you can make. You can also choose to think about where you are going, eternal life, that is. I think there was a third way, anyone remember? 
Yes, fill me with good things!

(This is my 1st post ever to Reddit, I'm a lurker, so please be patient with me if I mess this up!)

I really enjoyed reading this peice. I'd say that it's difficult to find anyone that falls into catagory 5 if the church leadership is not in catagory 5. Unfortunately, based on Barna research, the number of people identifying as Christians are dwindling, so I'd say that speaks to pastoral leadership focusing on the other 4 catagories the most. 
I feel like this is a good example of the various stages people go through in the journey in faith. Unfortunately some Christian's get stuck or settled into one stage or the other. Thanks for sharing this. 

This will seem pretty mundane but I'm going to mention it anyway.

When I was 16 I never wore my seatbelt when driving (I'm old and was stupid).  One day 3 friends were in the car with me and we decided to go to the gym to play some basketball.

Just after crossing some train tracks I pulled over to the side of the road and said, "Everyone put on their seat belt."  Under normal circumstances at least one of the guys should have given me grief about it but none of them did.  Everyone just put on their seatbelt without a word.  We were stopped for, maybe, 10 seconds.

A minute later we were t-boned by an old lady, knocked into a ditch and had the edge of a bridge peel away the bottom of the car like a sardine can.

I'm absolutely convinced that was the work of the Holy Spirit.  God wasn't done with me yet.

ASIDE:  And yes, I've considered that if we hadn't stopped we wouldn't have been at that particular spot at that particular moment to get t-boned.
As far as knowing in the moment that it was "supernatural," I've heard the Holy Spirit speak to me  (instructing me to do something) as clearly as you'd hear a friend standing right next to you. It happened about a week into a 10 day fast that I did. 

As far as looking back on things and realizing it was the Lord, I have a similar experience to the OP: earlier this year I received a word of knowledge from someone, and one of the things they mentioned was that the Lord has saved my life before, concerning an auto accident. I immediately remembered a few years ago I was driving on the highway and the road was wet. I was bending a curve when I lost control of my car. Next thing you know, I was headed straight for a barrier in the middle of the highway (between a split in the highway for two separate exits). At seemingly the last moment my car corrected itself. Mind you, it didn't just align itself to be moving straight forward again, because if it had only done that I would've still crashed into the barrier. But in addition to aligning itself to go straight, I was all of a sudden back in the appropriate lane, traveling down the highway as if nothing happened. I remember telling my friend that night, "yea, so I almost died earlier" but it didn't cross my mind that there may have been divine intervention. 
I had a supernatural experience with the Holy Spirit 3  years ago. It's hard to really explain in a wall of text, but I will give it my best shot. 

Preface: My mom passed away when I was 9. 17 years ago now. My dad had recently gotten remarried on a whim, after saying that he would never remarry. It really troubled my sister and I, and I wrestled with wondering if it was the right thing, and if my mom would have approved. I also never really got good closure after my mom passed.

Story: I had been out late one night and was driving home at about 1AM. I felt like I was having an out of body experience. I kept having visions of different things and just really felt a presence over me like I never had before. I didn't feel like I was driving my car, but like I was just being led home.

I went home and got in the bed, and was almost asleep, and I felt something physically push me up in the bed. Like I stood up, and felt like I was being moved. 

I could hear and see my mom clear as day, not like she was in the room with me, but a vision of her. I could hear her and God both speaking to me. She told me how proud she was of the man that I become. She also told me that she wanted my whole family to know that she approved of my dad's marriage, and that she was always looking down on me. I don't know any other way to explain it, but I felt the power of the Holy Spirit. 

I was so overwhelmed that I went and woke up my roommate out of a deep sleep to tell her what had happened. She thought that I was on drugs or something and said that I looked "possessed", and it actually scared the crap out of her. But, I am convinced that it was a supernatural experience. 

For about the next 2 weeks, I felt a peace like I have never felt before in my life. I truly felt like God was walking with me in everything that I did. I kept seeing signs and different things that reminded me of my mom. 

There's a lot more details that would be better to really help understand but I hope you get the idea. 

TL;DR; - I had an experience with the Holy Spirit and was able to talk to my mom who passed away 17 years ago. 


I was sleeping in my parents’ house at the age of about seventeen; I suddenly awoke to a “white cloud” hovering outside the window. The “cloud” entered the room through the closed window, entered me, and I sprang from bed speaking an unknown language (very loud) with great authority and pointing at the outside wall of the bedroom. A demon spirit came out of me turned to look at me showing great fear of “whatever” had entered me and went quickly through the wall at the exact location where I was pointing. I woke the entire house and they all heard the unknown language, but stated they were frozen in fear in their beds and could not move.
two dreams about the rapture... 
I was about twenty years old, not an unbeliever, but definitely very far from a born again Christian. I was sitting on a picnic table in a county park at night staring at a passing cloud wondering about where heaven was and thinking maybe heaven was simply in that cloud. Looking back on this thought about thirty seven years later it surprises me how close I was to my current beliefs that heaven (God’s Kingdom) is an additional dimension that is all around us.

In an instant I found myself above the telephones poles and tree tops stopping in midair turning to look back at myself still sitting on the picnic table. The fact that I have a terrible fear of height that makes my knees wobble on an eight foot step ladder didn’t bother me in the least. I had a complete peace about me except for my concern about leaving my body behind without me inside of it. I was “hovering” thinking about all the bad things that could happen to my body if I left it there “unattended.”

When I heard a voice that said “It will be okay” I totally trusted the voice and off I went. I was instantly coming up slowly through what seemed like clouds into a light that was indescribable and in front and slightly above me were two “men” in long white robes in front of a two door gate that appeared to be about 100 feet high and 50 feet wide. 

One of the bearded “men” came over and started talking to me, but I believe my “escort” was scrambling my thoughts so I could not comprehend what he was saying. It was not a language problem but more like I was not supposed to understand what he had to say.

The next thing I knew I was back in my body and the story is over, not book material, but something I still remember every detail of even after all these years.  

I have seen a few people get healed supernaturally with prayer. I have also been "slain in the spirit".  Also have heard some pretty powerful words of knowledge. Which is when someone gets a prophetic word regarding details of someones life that there is no possible way of knowing. 
Seek help.
how about you?

I mean, Chic-fil-a is straight up closed on Sundays because the founder is a Christian.  
So there's that.  
Chic-fil-a doesn't have a need to show their Christian principles in an inconspicuous spot on the bottom of a cup. Their ideals show in their business model and charitable practices.
Look at your burger wrapper next time, too. 
There's no question that Chic-fil-a is a good, honest Christian company. I hate eating places that don't celebrate Christmas, it can seriously be hard in San Fran :(
There are also a number of companies who have John 3:16 or 3:16 inscribed onto products. 
For instance Forever 21 has it in the bottom of their shopping bags. 
It's actually a really nice subtle gesture by there company acknowledging their beliefs & values as a company. 
Touché
Wall of text, written on mobile so sorry for mistakes.

I was raised a Mormon and when I turned 18 had finally done enough research to discover that it was not something I could support. I was shortly kicked out of my home and went down a path that led me to drug use, abuse, dealing, and doing my best to lead other from any religion.

 I had found a job at a tech start up and was sitting pretty financially after a long time of struggle. Yet I was suicidal and never felt rest or comfort. Finally my coworkers had their bible study in our break room and I found my opportunity to strike. I started nicely and left and messaged on our work IM one of the girls and one of the guys. Politely stating how improper they were by doing so. Well the girl I messaged starting to apologize and speak to me more about and got me talking. Having both done speech and debate we took advantage of the chance to use our skills. After about 4 lunch discussions she invited me to church. I went and met her family there and couldn't have felt more uncomfortable. After 2 months of me attending and discussing with her I stopped. We had a falling out and for a month I went back to normal life. Smoking, drinking, snorting, you name it. I worked a night shift and became obsessed with a video game. I immediately felt the differences and slowly tried making the changes I needed. I had found Christ and chose to leave him. Her family had been kind and shown actual love for me unlike my own. I threw it away for the life that made me unhappy and depressed. 

Skip forward a few months and I've started to pick things up and I ran into this same girl, who I no longer worked with. We got coffee and I asked if I could go again. It was 2 months later I gave my life to Christ and now regularly talk with my own parents about Christ and hope they can see what I was shown by the same love. Thank you to everyone who was so kind. And to my pastor for guiding me. 

Tl:dr- once mormon then drug addict now saved.
Great story with a happy ending. Glad to hear it. :)
What a blessing!
Thanks! I know it's a common story but I felt like sharing it today for the first time. 


I'm blessed brother/sister. Thx 4 asking. Had an amazing week at work and feeling great. Now of if I only had more time for my video games... 
Doing good. Just read my devotion and headed to the gym. You?
Excited, Falls Creek is a summer christian camp in the US and it's tomorrow! Nearly 800 people get saved every week there!! I'm going kinda as a missionary, to talk to the people who are interested in becoming followers!
Man what a beautiful day today 😍😍😍😍😍😍. I love the Lord. People go and sing to him ❤. 

I fell in love and His name is Emmanuel. 
My hero awaits :). 
The Man makes me so happy!!!!
 
Oh man I cry and I truly love Him. 
Me and Him as I am on His side.... 
Oh man. 
I have to share my love here. 

Believe in true love and you have Him. 
Anyways people have a great day and come to the Lord :).
Aight, thanks, you too 👍

I am an atheist.  I do not believe that the Bible should be banned from hotel rooms.  I do believe,  however,  that a copy of whatever book that you believe in or follow should be available to you.  And if one is banned they all should be. 
These guys are the Westboro Baptists of atheism.
Headline isn't really true.

FFRF asked that Bibles be removed from a state-owned hotel.

Then, links to a completely different opinion piece that talks about how atheists could ask for 'Bible-free rooms', and explicitly states this is not a Church-State issue, but merely individuals making a statement. 

And don't for a second try to pretend that if a Christian checked into a hotel that had a copy of "The God Delusion" in every drawer that they wouldn't throw out, deface or destroy the book AT A MINIMUM, and would more likely raise holy hell and make a bigger stink than these 'angry atheists', calling for boycotts and blitzing Fox and Friends.
[removed]
The first half of your comment seemed fine to me, then you jumped aboard the assumption train and went off the rails.
You realize you're breaking rule 3, 6, and possibly 5?
These rules sound an awful lot like censorship and the squashing of free thought and exchange of ideas. 
Well I guess it's a good thing this sub was never advertised as such, isn't it?
You are correct. 

Throwaway so that my friends/family don't see this

I've been having problems convincing myself that the God from the Bible is real. I don't understand why an omnipotent/omniscient being would take such a bizarre approach to this world. Why did Jesus have to die for our sins? Why couldn't God have just absolved us of them instead of taking such a dramatic approach? Why did he ever create the concepts of punishment, pain, and suffering? Why did he, as the creator that knows the intricate workings of human minds, ever create something he knew would eventually tempt Eve and change the path of humankind from what he, the all-knowing creator, had in mind? Why in the world did he create the Devil?

Why do we have to have faith? If God made himself known outright nobody would ever lose their faith nor would anyone ever have to face the cruelty of eternal damnation. I'm having trouble reconciling the idea that God is all-loving with the concept of Hell. It doesn't make sense for him to damn his own creations when he loves everyone. He is the creator of all, so he must also be the root cause of the personality traits and environments that lead to peaceful nonbelievers and violent psychopaths. 

As it is right now, it seems like the majority of people on Earth are doomed to Hell for not accepting Jesus Christ and abiding by the rules set forth in the Bible. The horrible pain billions of people God condemned to Hell must be experiencing right this moment does not resonate with the idea that God loves all of his creations. Why do we have to follow this archaic book rather than have God instill in our minds the unshakable knowledge that he exists? 

The stories just seem absurd to me. I've been a Christian all my life and these doubts are really tearing me apart on the inside. On the outside I go through the motions of being a 'good' Christian, but on the inside I have very big doubts about this whole thing. God can see I'm just putting on a show and that I'm really not with him, so I feel like I'm doomed to Hell if he really does exist. 

But then I look at /r/atheism and see how ridiculously hateful they can be. I don't want to be like that. I don't want to be associated with that group. I want to believe in God but I can't seem to bring myself to accept it. 

Has anyone else struggled with this? What did you do?
you should read A manual for creating atheists by peter boghossan if you're having doubtss

just change faith in your head to "pretending to know things you don't know"
Ill give it a shot too( new Christian here) I've had a lot of the same questions and doubts. God didn't create hell for people. He made it for Satan and his demons. God didn't make anything bad. Satan is the one who has all the bad things. Also, God created the angels but satans hunger for power got the best of him. God enabled us with free will. If he wanted robots he could have made them. Think about when your child is bad. Do you hate them because you punish them? No! You punish them cause you love them. Faith is hard to have and keep. Ask God for clarity and tell him you're struggling. Peace be with you. Don't give up the good fight!
I really feel you on this one. I too have gone through these same thoughts recently. It wrecks your whole world. I spent more time in prayer than in the word, mostly because I do not always feel qualified to interpret It sometimes. What I was left with was some new revelations. The Greatest one was love. I truly did not understand the way God loves us until a year ago.(been Christian since I was 8 am now 27). I mean think about it, How much must you love a lost world, created perfect, that you would send your Son, who did nothing wrong to die for its sin. I have a son. I would not give him up for anything. I think when you focus on how much love that would take instead of all the motions of being a Christian, you can see this world in a new light. There is a reason Jesus said " the greatest of these is love". I Love you complete stranger and I will pray for you.
Atheist here.  
Please ignore most of /r/atheism. In no way should this affect your idea of atheists. BUT. You state how "hateful" they can be. But no atheist (which is not a word to describe a bunch of people) promotes the indoctrination of hurtful and evil things like: slavery, stoning to death, sacrifice, homosexual shaming/hating etc etc. I would imagine many non Christians aggression and anger may stem from the hurtful and evil tennants that Christianity supports and promotes. 

I would say you're having trouble believing the Christian god is real because he isn't real. But that's just my opinion. 

I my opinion the reason the Christian god takes such a bizarre approach to his faith is because it's not real. It's fan fiction and superstition from an age long dead. 

Even the concept of faith is childish and not necessary. The concept of being punished for being how our "creator" made us is also riddic. My deconversion started with asking these questions. All the answers I received from Christians were like robots repeating the same dialogue and not giving any rational explanations that made any sense. Of course people will say that we are limited and are not able to understand gods plan and just stay the course yadda yadda yadda. In my mind, I could not be true to myself and live with myself living a lie. In the end, the only thing that made sense was to allow myself to become move from 99.9% athiest ( which is what you Christians are) to 100% athiest. If you have time, please check out the side bar in /r/atheism and view some of the videos and posts, you might be surprised what you learn. 

   

I may not be the best one to try to answer but I will give it a shot. At least the first part of the question. From what I understand Jesus had to die because the wage of sin is death. If you sin you must die for it. By Jesus dyeing in our place it freed us from having to experience death ourselves. As to why God couldn't just absolve us without a death it's because God doesn't change. He proscribed death as the punishment for sin. Death will always be the punishment for sin, we just no longer have to die ourselves because Jesus died for us. 
Don't feel alone. This is a very, very common train of thinking. I've been through it myself - every honest believer has.

Have you read this yet? http://www.reasonablefaith.org/faith-and-doubt
I don't see God everyday, and I don't talk to him everyday like I should. Yet, he's always there, guiding me. Not as a physical guide, but I when I truly need it I know He understands what is going on and is watching over me. I think he serves as intuition and truly just a friend.  I found myself talking to him whenever I need, just like I would a friend. I ask for his guidance and I ask for his help in anyway and it may sound cliche but I have seen him effect my life, I have felt him in my life and he has really helped the healing process.  He shows up in odd ways, he shows up as intuition, in nature, in human beings and their kindness.  I don't really have an answer to these questions, but I do know having faith in no matter what, is important.  Whether it's through religion, people, etc. Knowing there is something on the other side of the hill, believing things are gonna turn out okay. That kind of stuff. And for every bad thing that happens there's always two good going on in the world, you just never hear about it sadly.
We're made in God's image but we broke (and continue breaking) that image.

God had two general options with this: give us a fixed/whole image of Himself for us to imitate, or simply get rid of the broken images.

Broken images of God inflict never-ending suffering on themselves and others, and God will not allow that to go on forever.

God manifesting himself in Jesus with vulnerable love -- which automatically and inevitably resulted in his death -- was the "cost" paid by God to give us the unbroken image of himself.

With the unbroken image, part of God's real love -- which we don't have from ourselves or each other, since all of our images are broken -- we can have some part of us healed, restored, put back together. That "New Self" can go on eternally, because it does not intrinsically inflict pointless suffering upon itself or others.

---

Any thoughts, pilgrim? =)
i"m going through this same thing man (woman?).  I keep asking myself 'why' in every story. It sucks. I keep having this feeling and thought that the God of the Old Testament was power hungry and killed off thousands of people just to get a point across. Also why did he gives us freewill even when He knew we would fail? Adam and Eve didn't even know right from wrong and when they messed up, He freaked, and screwed all of us.  Why didnt God give them a second chance? Where is the love in all of this?!?!

Later, as his son Jesus, He suddenly is all about love! He is accepting and hangs with everyone! Urrgg, i feel God knows he messed up and his solution was Jesus. What he didn't anticipate in the future was that people would still follow the Old Testament instead of being a complete follower of Jesus and doing what he did.

Ok, now this is making me think. Would it make sense for God to mess up?  I mean, what was delaying him from finally sending Jesus? Why did SO many people have to die? Didn't He say not to murder? In the whole Old Testament, people kept disobeying God, but He stayed true to them and put them back on path. It was a big cycle. Did he finally figure out that what He was doing kept backfiring so He came up with a new plan: Jesus?

If God messed up then that means he doesn't know all things. Maybe he knows all present and past things, but can only predict future things. Maybe he is omnipotent, but not to the point to where everything he does is immediately right? To mess up is kinda a human characteristic, and He did make us in his image.... idk

I don't like the Old Testament. I can believe it happened, but I don't want to follow it. Does that make me less of a CHRISTian? I hope it doesn't.  Imma follow Jesus. That fella and his teachings are what's up.
Hey man. I'm really sorry you're going through this. I've totally been there man, and it hurts every part of your insides I know. I'm no theologon and I'm on my phone so can't type much, but from what I've gathered so far in my walk is that every concept in the bible can be walked out as a journey of itself. What you're doing right now is a very good thing bro. Asking the hard questions is a million times better than going through the motions for the rest if your life. I struggled with some if these very things when i first became a Christian. You're not alone. What has brought me to today has been my own personal journey with Jesus through a process of patience coupled with constant seeking. Constant seeking fir the truth, and the patience to take it one step at a time. Jesus will always be at the heart :)
 Can I encourage you dude that your very desire to want to genuinely seek answers fir your questions is of itself biblical, and to that  btw I deeply resonate with. Guys can I get help with the verse for it? I know the words are "seek me with all your heart and you will find me".
The best piece if advice I could give though is to ask God himself. 
There's also a really cool site called reasonstobelieve.org I think. Just Google it if it doesn't come up :) 
Bless you man. Sometimes all it takes is simple faith. That diesnt mean you have to be ignorant or unintelligent, but it stops you from over thinking things, something that our society is wrought with.
I will definitely be praying fir you man. Jesus bless you, guide you, comfort you on a journey of truth and life.
You sound a lot like my husband when he was going through faith issues. It made me annoyed because I had witnessed and seen God do so much for him and us.. he seemed to be blinded by it. I think some people need more proof and others can just go by feeling.. I feel God with me.. have some real moments where I'm just like.. wow that was God. Or I just know he was there. Idk how to explain it. But I think this is normal. My brother is insanely smart and did A LOT of research on the Bible.. he believes in God.. but like you had a lot of doubts which lead him to tons of research.. I mean like notebooks full. He came to the conclusion that Jesus is our savior and that a lot of proof points to it. I wish I could explain like him.. I wish I was as knowledgeable as he is on this. I will say, pray.. daily.. pray for God to fill you so you can see him. Sometimes when I'm doing my alone devotional time .. I don't feel God.. others I see him guiding me and making hit presence known. God is changing me from the inside out.. I have a long way to go.. but still.. there is hope because of my savior.

I will pray for you. Please don't give up on faith because of these questions. We can ask God all these questions when it's our time. Just know God is with you,.. and there is an answer. I trust God because I know he sent Jesus to die for my sins. No one expected God to do that before.. they had the ways of God all wrong. - My point is, we can't guess. God is 10 times wiser than we are. 

In the end.. say God isn't real.. yet you lived and loved like Jesus .. Would you take it back?

I saw a study that people of faith have an easier time dealing with stressful situations. We have God to lean on. :)

I think my husband still has some of these doubts you listed, I'm trying to change with Gods help.. so that I can show him Gods work in me. It's hard because I'm so stubborn .. lol. But I figure it can work.

Great! Be happy that you are questioning!

Seriously.  Be proud of yourself.  Thes are the tortuous questions any Christian should have asked, or be asking.  

I was taught not to question God.  Question = doubt, and doubt = unfaithfulness.  I then read Case For Faith by Lee Stroebel and that is when I learned that it is good to question.  Because when we question, we strengthen our apologetics.  Apologetics is critical for a Christian.  Just don't get in a rut.

How do you think Peter and Paul were able to answer questions from the Pharisee, Greeks, etc.?  It was because they already asked themselves those questions!

My final advice for you is to be okay with not knowing yet.  It has taken me years to develop answers to some of my questions, some haven't been answered yet, and I know that some won't be answered on this earth.  May I suggest that when you do ask spiritual questions, that you take the time to read the scriptures, and pray.  It is easy to get overwhelmed by the insecurity of digging deep so stay as rooted as you can.  

"God please give this person the wisdom you've promised.  Show them your good and mysterious ways."
Check this out http://1luz.net/1150/dark/ it goes into some strange things but should help.

And keep in mind we started out with everything perfect and didn't do correctly, it is the reason we are hear now.   

But there is a lot more too this then most people realize.  Keep searching and do not stop, there is a mystery about to unfold and you will be glad you didn't give up.  

I was in your shoes about 3-4 years ago and now I don't believe the God of the Bible exists and open to the idea of a deist sort of god existing (although not necessary). The crux of Christianity for me was that we had to believe in him so much, why would the most powerful being to ever exist with immeasurable power give a flying you know what if we believed in him? I could no longer stand behind that idea, I could however get behind a god that said, "Yo, I'm God I don't care if you believe in me or not just be nice to other people." That I would be all for, when I realized that the belief in him was the primary issue of this God our actions were secondary, that was the end for me.
[deleted]
take a look at www.gotquestions.org there are so many answers there. seriously. 
Firstly, thanks for your post. It's wise to question your faith when there's doubt, rather than to follow blindly. Nobody should follow God just because it's what they've always done or are told to do. It should be something that comes from within and brings you genuine joy. This is how I think about my faith. It may not ring true for you, but I hope it helps give you another way of looking at things.

I like to remember that we are created in God's image. He didn't create us as playthings or puppets, but to be His companions. To deny us free will, therefore, would be to make our whole existence as his companions meaningless. Unfortunately, a consequence of free will is sin.

I also never used to understand why Jesus had to die for us. I heard it phrased once as "The son of God became the son of man, so that the son of man could become the son of God" and that made sense to me. Also, in Old Testament times, sacrifices were offered when someone wanted to be forgiven of sin. Then the world got to the point where no sacrifice was great enough to absolve all that had gone wrong. God sent  His son therefore, as the only being pure enough to pay for our sins forever. What is meaningful to me is that Jesus came to Earth as a human and not as some all-powerful Deity. He felt the betrayal and the injustice of it all. He cried out "Why has thou forsaken me?" and yet, He went to the cross to save us. I suppose God could just forgive us every time we did something wrong, but there'd be no change in our nature. The alternative is to just wipe us out and start again. God doesn't do this. He sent his son as an example and as an expression of the goodness He'd intended for us.

I've always struggled with my faith and I feel that there's a huge difference between faith and religion. My biggest fear is that my faith will become ritualized and that I'll start acting out of the pressure of everyone's expectations or because it's what I'm used to. This isn't the type of Christian I want to be, and from the sounds of it, it's not who you want to be either.

For me, I really found God when I took a step back from the stories and the technicalities and began to talk to God everyday like a daughter does to her Father - openly, honestly and without fear of reprisal. Over time, I began to find this liberating. I could confess anything to God and when I did, I didn't suddenly feel doomed or like I was in trouble. He already knows what's in your heart, so why fear confession? In fact, I started to feel like God was the first one I'd turn to when I was afraid or ashamed. I developed a relationship with God. I began to trust Him. Years later, I went back to the Bible and when I read those same passages, they had new meaning for me because I felt like I knew who God was, which had always been missing before. It made this dead book suddenly seem relevant to my life. It began to inspire and uplift me.

I was at a sermon the other day when it was said "When you feel at your worst, or least Christian, don't run away from God, run to Him." Since I've been practicing this, everything has changed.

Also, people say "Why doesn't God act when there is suffering?" This always used to bother me too. Then, just the other day, the church showed us a video of their missionary work, where they were building orphanages for children whose parents had died of HIV and I was suddenly hit with the realization that this IS God acting. Every time he touches the heart of one of us and we go out and do good deeds, we're doing it because we're living Christ's example. We are channels for His love. The love is there, but the channels are broken.

At the end of the day, I don't think there's one real answer that can make everything suddenly clear. I think a relationship with God is a personal one and we can only find Him if we're searching. That being said, in my opinion, hollow ritual and chants aren't in the spirit of God's love. My suggestion is to spend some time trying to figure out who God is before worrying about what He wants. I think once you realize that there's love there, all those fears fade away and you can start to feel joyful about being a Christian.
> cruelty of eternal damnation

What's your view on annihilation?  It's my view, with scriptural support:

1.  Both your body and soul are destroyed in hell, [Mt 10:28](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew%2010:26-33&version=ESV); 
2.  Without Jesus, you will perish instead of living forever, [John 3:16](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=john%203:16&version=ESV).  And [2 Thes. 1:8-9](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2%20Thessalonians%201:8-9&version=ESV) suggests this destruction lasts forever.  
3.  However, it doesn't happen instantly for some, such as the rich man in [Luke 16:19-31](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=luke%2016:19-31&version=ESV)
4.  Those worship the beast that wages war against God in the final armageddon will suffer, but not in hell, as [Rev 14:9-11](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=revelation%2014:9-11&version=ESV) describes, and this passage is ambiguous on whether this torment lasts forever.
> the majority of people on Earth are doomed to Hell for not accepting Jesus Christ

We know that the path is narrow, but I think what you said here is more than we can know.  My view is that "No one comes to the father except through me" ([Jn 14:6](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jn%2014&version=NIV1984)) and "there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved" ([Acts 4:12](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%204&version=NIV1984)), which excludes salvation being offered through any other mediator between God and man.  And Romans 1:20 indicates nature provides some evidence in itself of God.

However, God also judges us according to how we obey our conscious and what we do with what we're given.  Some examples:

1.  The parable of the talents, [Mt 25:14-30](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+25%3A14-30&version=NIV)
2.  "For if the mighty works done in you had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago, sitting in sackcloth and ashes.  But it will be more bearable in the judgment for Tyre and Sidon than for you.", [Luke 10:13-14](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Lk%2010&version=NIV1984)
3.  In [John 9:41](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=john%209&version=NIV1984), Jesus told the Pharisees, "if you were blind, you would not be guilty of sin."
3.  "The times of ignorance God overlooked, but now he commands all people everywhere to repent", [Acts 17:30](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Acts%2017&version=NIV1984)
4.  Paul's writings in [Rom 2:6-16](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+2&version=NIV), "He will render to each one according to his works ... For when Gentiles, who do not have the law, by nature do what the law requires, they are a law to themselves, even though they do not have the law.  They show that the work of the law is written on their hearts, while their conscience also bears witness, and their conflicting thoughts accuse or even excuse them" and possibly also his ambiguous remark in [Rom 4:15](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans%204&version=NIV1984), "For the law brings wrath, but where there is no law there is no transgression."

Many with a traditional view of hell and salvation already apply this reasoning to children and the mentally handicapped.  I extend it to anyone with their knowledge similarly limited of any age or mental ability.  But this is a double-edged sword--"narrow is the path" and we fat lazy first-worlders have been given our 5 talents along with ample knowledge by which to discern what is right.  
I took a course from him at university last term. So amazing.
You didn't really touch on the important parts if his questions
Ok but you punish a child so that the child learns something. If God punishes you to an eternity in Hell, it's too late to learn anything from it. So those two things aren't really comparable.
Exactly, if God absolved our sins, then he would have gone back on his word.
I've been thinking about a lot of this stuff since I read the post on why that guy left his faith that got beat of'd a couple of days ago. I've notices a trend of similar posts, saying that God in the OT isn't forgiving and pointing to Adam and Eve as their evidence. There are 39 books in the OT, Adam and Eve constitute three chapters of one them. Take a flip through 1 and 2 Kings some time. It doesn't have to be a close read, just a skim. How many of those kings are called "evil in the sight of the Lord?" And not for no reason, either: treachery, deceit, idolatry, prostitution, child sacrifice, these people do some seriously evil things - things God has whole nations destroyed for in other areas. But he promised David his family would always have a name in Judah. That adds up to a *lot* of second chances.

Speaking of David, look at 2 Samuel.1 Samuel reads like "here's why David is going to be the perfect king", 2 Samuel reads like "here's why he was the biggest screw up of all time". And this is a guy God calls a man after his own heart. Look at Hosea, or Isaiah, or Jonah. These are full of language, imagery, and stories of forgiveness and redemption. Even the law books (Leviticus and Deuteronomy) so often pointed to as the most hateful pieces of scripture in the Bible, boil down to "I'm asking you to do these things because I love you. Do them because you love me."

So why not Adam and Eve? Compare and contrast for a second with lawbreakers today. Sometimes you go to jail, sometimes you pay a fine, sometimes you get off with a warning. For men, these are based mainly on severity - you don't get off with a warning for killing somebody, you get it for doing 10 over the limit. That's because our law's mandate is to maintain peace and order while upholding individual rights. God's law doesn't work like that for 2 reasons. First, he views law differently: there aren't more or less severe violations, there is only violating or keeping, full stop. The second is that God's mandate is totally different: fulfilling the restoration of his kingdom on Earth. That means that while he can forgive sins that seem heinous to us, sometimes there's not a second chance. It can't happen while God is aiming to fulfill his mandate. God is omnipotent, but not illogical - he knows his kingdom won't come as designed if people just keep sinning, and breaking, and betraying. So sometimes - I won't claim to understand when or why, but sometimes - that means, sorry, no second chance.

Adam and Eve are a particularly special case of this. It's not that their sin was so heinous, it's that it was first. You say they didn't know right from wrong, but I don't think I agree. God knows right from wrong, Adam and Eve were made in his image. There's an important distinction between innocence and the sort of total vapidity that you don't understand whatsoever what's good and what's bad. They understood God was good, in order to understand that they had to understand there was a not-good, things that were not of God. They confronted that understanding when they ate from the tree and decided the understanding they had in God wasn't good enough. This is why I see the Fall as the ultimate sin metaphor: wanting something that they already had in God, Adam and Eve believed a lie and attempted to satisfy that want in other ways. Once you open that box, it doesn't close again. The innocence is gone, and no second chance is going to bring it back.

The way you look at Jesus in all this is sort of right he *is* God's solution to a brokenness of Creation that he recognizes. But he's not a harebrained scheme cooked up to keep the train from going off the rails at the last second. The problem with that view is seeing God as controlled by time, rather than as its independent creator, and seeing Jesus and God as separate. Now, those are both ideas that some branches of Christianity would look at and say, "Yep, that's right." Call me old-fashioned, but I don't subscribe to them. I don't claim to understand why God waited on putting Jesus in the game any more than you do. I don't know why it had to be so long. But from God's promises to David in 2 Samuel 7 to the predictions of the prophets, to Paul's explanation of Adam foreshadowing Christ, I can't believe he was anything but a part of the plan from the get-go.

I don't blame you for disliking the OT. Sometimes I don't either. I often think of the NT as "our" testament, written after Jesus for those who follow Jesus. That's a context that didn't exist when the OT was written. That makes the New Testament the lens through which I read and interpret the Old. Even though it wasn't written *to* me, it was written *for* me, and there's still things to learn from it. Follow Jesus. I applaud you, above all else, for making that the centre of your attention. But I hope and pray that you'll grow to appreciate the OT for how it points to Jesus - for someone following him, a point in his direction can be a helpful thing to have.

Sorry for the text wall. If you read it all through, I hope it was in some way encouraging. If you want to talk more about this, please do PM me. I don't have the answers to a lot of these questions and I'm certainly no theologian, but I *am* a brother who's willing to hash this stuff out.
Free will is an illusion. And calling things evil is subjective (your opinion.) Other forms of life which inhabit this Earth commit "war", "murder" and so on. Expanding more on the free will notion: Given the first four dimensions of our universe, space and time. We can conclude that the past, present, and future already exist but we are unable to perceive it. Which means that our actions: the universe, the world, the sun, the 700th star, you, and I - have already happened and exist. Thus, free will is an illusion; leaving only cause and effect to be observed by us in the third dimension.
Does this mean anything to anyone, or is it just another?



I was born in a Christian family, and since a young age I acknowledged the presence of God, but I saw him as a judging, condemning, distant God. I was a shy child without any primary school friends. As I entered my teenage years I started to desire the strength, affirmation, warmth I could see in my classmates. I also started to understand that these thoughts weren't normal... I started to learn the label "gay". 

I was a shy student, I was detached and didn't trust anyone deeply. In my early teens, a Church leader I trusted told me that homosexuality was such an abomination; that it should not be talked about, so I didn't. I kept it inside, slowly gathering guilt, condemning myself whenever those around made a gay joke or jeered at homosexuals.

I felt like my homosexuality stopped me from becoming good enough to become a Christian and make peace with God. A few times I tried to clean up, stop the out workings of that homosexuality and become normal. It worked, for a while, then I relapsed back to where I was, with a little more sense of failure. Eventually I concluded that I couldn't fight it. I stopped trying, and accepted that it was a part of me. I also concluded that I would never be good enough to get right with God, so I slowly stopped going to Church, and refocused on being successful while alive. I won top student awards in all three years of my tertiary study, and had signed my first major employment contract two weeks before graduating from my study.

After a few months into my new career, I began to think "this can't be everything". I was troubled with the thought that my career, any enjoyment I may have, is trivial when thinking of eternity. I slowly returned to church seeking stability and a future.

One-day while chatting over lunch at work, a co-worker invited me to their Church's cell-group, I took them up on the offer and attended a few times. Then one of the guys at the cell-group called me and asked if I wanted to come with them on a road trip to a conference in a nearby city. I figured it would be better than whatever else I would have done, so I accepted.

At the conference they had an altar call for anyone who wanted to get right with God. I thought it would be good to be able to say "at least I tried", so I went up and prayed. During the prayer I realised for the first time that I couldn't overcome the same-sex issues I had by myself, that these issues weren't stopping me from accepting Christ, they were why I needed him. I made the decision to change direction, to accept Christ as my lead and stop fighting.

Since then I've walked some way with Christ, through baptism, through questions and doubts, and through learning that I am loveable. The same-sex attraction isn't gone, but now every time it shows it reminds me that I still need Christ, it reminds me that I'm not perfect yet.
I've learned to draw from Christ's strength instead of depending on that from other guys, I've learned what it means to find my identity in Christ, and that he is working for the good of those who trust him.

I hope to some-day have a wife and children, but I know that it's unlikely. I know that it would be a miracle, but perhaps it is somewhere in God's plan for my life. Until then I will grow closer to God, and help the children around me know Christ for themselves.

I'm not advocating anything to you one way or another--your beliefs, your faith journey, and your life choices are your own and I respect them.

I just want you to know that there are Christians who love you and accept you regardless of your orientation, your attractions, your life choices, including if you were to choose to accept and act on your same-sex attraction. And we believe God loves you just as much--well more, because God's love is always greater than human love--that being and living happily as a gay person is equally pleasing to God as being and living happily as a straight person.

Again, I respect your testimony and the path you've chosen, I just want you to know that other Christian paths exist, and you are loved regardless of what path you take.
I must say that as a true atheist and man of science, all of the supportive folks in religious communities like yourselves, restore my hope for humanity. You are all shining examples of people who use faith in God to drive you towards good moral decisions and happier lifestyles. You truly use faith as it is meant to be used. I commend you all and hope you teach your children your values and beliefs. 
Your testimony is awesome!  It is so important to share it so that others that have felt like you know that there is hope.  My church has cell groups too.  They are an effective and powerful tool for meeting the needs of the lost and the saved.  Yay!  I feel so happy.  Thank you.  :)
Have you gained any perspective in the past week? It would be nice if you came back to keep on talking with us.
It's great that you wrote this testimony. I thank you for it.

As we continue to accept homosexuality in our society, testimonies like yours will appear more often. I'm glad you shared this because there are others in the same boat as you.

I am sadden that your church did not make you feel accepted. That is why I feel Pastors should stop talking about sin as the end and realize that we all have sinned. The answer is not condemnation, for it is said, "There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus." - Romans 8:1. The whole process of sanctification is to help those who sinned turn away and get closer to God. This lets people know that they can open themselves up and share their pain without being labeled as an unrepentant sinner and focus what needs to be done-- helping them through the pain. 

What we must do is to love our brothers and sisters as Christ loved His Church. The same love Paul shows to his brothers and sisters throughout the New Testament.

Now, a word for the future. Keep this in mind. Hopefully it will help you pass through the storms of this life.

You are saved because you believe and accepted the [gospel](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K48-Li7lIfA). 
>1. GOD: God exists. He is absolutely holy and righteous and he must judge and condemn all sin.
>
>2. MAN: Every human being is born a sinner.  Sins committed will receive God’s punishment in eternal hell.
>
>3. JESUS: Jesus Christ was fully God and fully human.  He suffered and died on the cross to pay for our sins.  He absorbed the full wrath of God.  Three days later, He resurrected from the grave.
>
>4. RESPONSE: You must personally repent (turn from your sinful lifestyle) and actively put your trust and faith in Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior.  This is a commitment—not just of your mind, but of your entire personality.

Without it, we are all dead in our trespasses. 

You turned away from homosexuality because of the Gospel. The very second you placed your trust and faith in Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, you acted on point 4 of the gospel. If you are in a storm, and you doubt yourself and Christ, I want you to recite the Gospel again. I want you to pray, pray pray. Pray that our Lord Jesus will help you pass through this storm. Know that, you brother, our Heavenly Father knows what you are going through. Know that I pray for you. Know that through the gospel, you are saved and there is life of eternity waiting for you at the end of your days and struggles. 

And lastly, know that, "And I am sure of this, that he who began a good work in you will bring it to completion at the day of Jesus Christ."- Phil 1:6

He will hold you and keep you, and He will make sure you finish this race. Bless you brother.
Man awesome testimony! Don't stop praying for God to take that desire out of your life. He will do it. His Son washed us clean. All we have to do is accept his gift and ask for Him to take the wrong out of our life.
Seriously!? That's God-Awesome. We do need Him in our lives. We are only human but made by God in His imagination, so His promise is He will complete the work He started in you. Serving God, He works for you and desires to communicate with you. 
I am atheist, well, agnostic but I do not understand why you would deny yourself your bodily urges. Would you not eat if the big man in the sky told you? Or not drink? You can't change who you are and you shouldn't for some big ol' sky spirit change you. 

You shouldn't let society or the church push you to someone you are not. They day you really care what people think of you is the day you are their slave. Besides family. Can't choose family. Might as well care what they think because they are the only stable relationships most people have.
There's nothing wrong with same-sex attraction. If you believe homosexual **activity** is a sin, at least know that your feelings are *not*. You *are* perfect just like God created you, don't ever think of those feelings as something detaining you from being beside Him. 
I'm sorry but the same sex attraction will never be gone. God made you the way you are, that is his plan "specifically" for you. You will suffer forever if you stay the way you are. Think about it :)
You need Christ because you're gay...I have no words. I feel bad for you, man.
Exactly. I always thought that being gay and being a Christian were mutually exclusive. But I know I was hardly alone in that thought. It took years of soul searching, prayer and faith crisis to reconcile those two sides of my persona and begin to accept myself as a wonderful gay person with Christian faith. I was wasting so much energy hiding the real me, pretending to be someone I was not, that I had no energy left to do any of the real work God asked me to do.
Excuse me!!! What scriptures are you looking at. The act of homesexuality is a sin and should be treated accordingly. Christians should accept and love the person not the act. That is the only way to shed light on this lie from the devil. Please remimber there is only one path and it is narrow.

Thank-you for this, it is encouraging to hear you see benefits in faith. I appreciate your positive encouragement.
> I am atheist, well, agnostic but I do not understand why you would deny yourself your bodily urges. Would you not eat if the big man in the sky told you? Or not drink? You can't change who you are and you shouldn't for some big ol' sky spirit change you. 

Interesting points. Beware the strawman, though; you're confusing *urges* with *needs*.
No I agree, the scripture does say these things. Not saying you shouldn't come back to your beliefs cause you're testimony is awesome and I am so proud of you. It's hard coming back once you've walked away I know I've been there. We all still do love you and want to love on you. But homosexuality is a sin and the church shouldn't openly act like that sin is okay. But I think you already know that. I don't think you're justifying it. You're just getting yourself back on track, believing that God is your strength and working through it.
Lol, this was a joke, right? At first, I thought you were serious, which would have been fine--we all have our individual beliefs. But when I read: "there is only one path and it is narrow" I was like okay, good one.


At some point, they would be NEEDS. Mentally. Because at some point, you would break a little bit, or more than a little bit. No one has infinite strength.
This is no joke. Try reading 1 Corinthians 6:9-11 and 1 Tim 1:10 for starters. Then you can read Matt 7:13-23 for a referance to the pointed narrow path. Hope is what we should be encouraging not acceptance.

I define needs as things that are required to support life. Sexual urges are not needs; you're not going to die if they're not fulfilled. There's really nothing more to it than that. Bringing anything else into the debate is a strawman.
I'm not going to argue the scripture with you. It's been done countless times on this subreddit. I suggest you read the /r/christianity FAQ.

Let me make it plain that your interpretations of these passages are *your* interpretation that have been taught to you by others based on *their* interpretations, based on other people's translations of other people's transcriptions.

For anyone to claim the single true understanding of God based on their human interpretation of human language is idolatrous--they worship an idol of words and rules. The words of the Bible point toward God, but they are not a god to be worshiped. Some people find comfort in narrow definitions and a God small enough to be painted within human lines. It may be scary to think that we actually need to use our hearts and minds to determine the path of love, instead of repeating black-and-white words dictated by others, but I invite you to open yourself to a larger, more challenging conception of humanity and God.

When Jesus says the road is narrow, he does not mean that it appears only between page X and page Y of the Bible. If the way is narrow, it is because there are many paths that lead away from loving our brothers and sisters as God loves us.
I still don't get it... Why would you do that? He may never really feel fulfilled with male-female sex. All I know from the Bible is that it has a-million and one contradictions. 
The way to get it is accepting that Jesus dies to save our sins, accepting him as our Lord and savior, and letting him take the wheel.
You are right the scripture is not god but they are God's words and should be followed.  God also said he will lay his word upon your heart.  It is through prayer and seeking wisdom that the scriptures speak there truth. As far as the way thery are translated,  there is great care to weigh any interpratation to the original language by experts.  It takes years to make a translation accurate.  And if a place called r/Christianity is not a place for this than where is?  
You're still arguing a strawman. You're attempting to compare the denial of certain *urges* with the denial of *basic, biological needs required for life*, and you're using this as a contradiction (hint: it's not; by the logic you're using, the urge to murder someone could be justified).

What I'm trying to do is help you understand the argument better; you'll do yourself a favor if you argue over substantive things rather than concocting a strawman to support your argument.
It's fairly reasonable to say that homosrxuality is, infact, a sin. But the more important question is how we handel said sin. The fella who wrote this handled it very well and has the church community we ought to encourage those who deal with temptation to continualy rely on Christ and His word. 
This post is not the place for this debate. OP posted about their personal testimony. I did not counsel OP to do anything differently, but expressed that they would be supported by many Christians regardless of their path.

You jumped in saying that my views are wrong. This has nothing to do with OP's situation and is not helpful to OP in the slightest.

Honestly, it was my mistake to engage you even this far. If you want to debate whether or not homosexual acts are sinful, then post your own topic.
I get what that it is not a biological need but don't you come first. Not some magic sky man??
[deleted]
You have place a seed of curruption and that needed to be addressed.  OP is on the only path that the Bible points.  But I rest we are left we God to deal with are hearts on right or wrong. 
You're doing somewhat better, but I think you'll be heard by more people if you can abstain from using the argument based on urges and selfish desires.

Also, being aware of the importance religion has played over the millennia might be useful. Civilization, perhaps ironically to some, has been built on the backs of mysticism and spirituality. Moral codes are often entrenched in religious doctrine, and they are (or at least were) what served to guide a people to work together. Of course, religious differences can divide (and lead to war), but so can many other things. To say nothing of borders and resources.

Really, the point that I'm trying to raise is that you'd do yourself a tremendous favor by thinking up a more substantive argument in support of why these "urges" are so important, rather than trying to sidestep the issue with terms like "magic sky man" or employing logical fallacies to further support your claim through strawmen. I'd highly recommend thinking about possible justifications, but don't focus on "proving" someone wrong; instead, make it a thought game. See what you can come up with. The thing that makes debate such a very useful tool in our society is that it encourages thinking at a deeper level and exploring alternatives others might not have considered.

Now, in reference to your question "don't you come first?" I would say that it depends. Most societies have had their own form of charity or pseudo-charity in which individual needs don't always come before the whole. Religious groups tend to encourage this by doctrine or through tithing. Other secular groups encourage it by way of donations, volunteer work, or other similar activities. You might even argue that Communism attempted to enforce this "whole before the one," but largely failed because of the selfish nature of those in power who wanted to maintain their power.

But I digress. If the only thing that preoccupies someone is their own basic urges and desires, their life will eventually end with a feeling of emptiness, unfulfilled. Hormones do fade (as an example), and sooner or later, that drive to fulfill the desires they invoke will be supplanted by something else. 

Cheers, my friend. You're on the right track.

Edit: I decided to browse your comment history and [found this](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/wkokr/how_do_you_deal_with_christian_logic/c5e55n6). I think you'll find that you and I may share a lot more common ground than you believe, so please don't take my post as something negative. I'm genuinely curious about what you have to say. I added a reply in that chain which will explain my personal beliefs, if you're curious in kind.
No, a misunderstanding of sin's nature will bring down the Church. Then people will simply continue to worship God on their own.
No one was born gay. It's a choice.
Sorry. ...Correction. ...with God to deal with our hearts on right or wrong.
[deleted]
I chose to rebuke people who are in sin,

While I was expecting a much harsher joke, I applaud you for making me laugh.
I commited a horrible sin today as in i got a hand job from the maid and i feel horrabile about it please help me as in how to ask GOD for forgiveness. To make things even worse i am 16 and have to hide this from my parents please help i regret this so much.
God will forgive you. Turn away from sin and back to God.

1 John 1:9, "If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just, and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness"
Just to make sure, I have 2 questions:

1. Did you actually request that of the maid? Because if she did that to you without you asking her/giving explicit verbal consent, that is **sexual assault/rape**, and you should talk to police.

2. What's the age of consent where you live? If it's 17 or 18 where you are then, irrespective of whether you asked or not, that is **child molestation**, and you should *more urgently* talk to police.

Assuming neither of those are so, and that the act was secularly legal:

God has *already* expressed in the Bible that your sins are cast as far as the East is from the West; you need to learn to accept God's already-offered forgiveness, and also learn to forgive yourself.

Once you can do that, then you need to make a decision tht you won't keep repeating the same mistake. Then, actively take precautions to avoid/prevent getting yourself in situations where such a mistake is an option.
This is a hard time for you.  Remember to take some deep breaths, make sure that you dont do anything "rash" or "dumb" because of the emotions.  God loves you and knows that all of his children will make mistakes.  Life is long, this is not the last dumb thing that you will do.  Learn from your mistakes and keep going forward!
Please help me i can't take the giult i feel like killing myself
#1 John 1:9) *If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.*
How old is your maid? What's the age of consent where you live?
God is our father. Your earthly father forgives you for doing stupid things. Your heavenly father who loves you even more will forgive you also. Just simply ask him to. Talk to him like you would to anyone else. Ask him to forgive you and rest in comfort that he did the moment you asked. It's that easy. 
Here is your final answer:

Jesus already forgave all sin at the cross!!

You are not your sin, you are a mighty son of God! You must take hold of your value in Jesus and know that you are no longer controlled by anything but Holy Spirit! 

STOP asking for forgiveness and receive what He already gave you!! You are a man of God bro!! 

Romans 5 says that you have peace with God and if you have received the good news of Jesus, you have obtained it!
Thank you
If you know a specific prayer that would really help me out as the only way i belive i can cope with the guilt is with prayer to god as i am to scared to tell my parents.
Yes sadly i did ask for it which is why i feel so guilty this is quite possibly the worst thing i have ever done in my life and u am sure i won't let this happen for a second time.
Read my response, get on your face with Jesus and receive His love. Forgiveness isn't about feeing bad about ourselves or condemnation, but understanding we are the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus! No more pity on yourself. You are Holy and blameless in the sight of God. It's not about what you have done, but what Jesus accomplished on the cross. 
SET YOUR LIFE TO LEARN THIS GOSPEL❤
It's not a question of specific prayers. You don't have to pray a particular way to get God to hear you, except that we pray through Jesus and by His righteousness. 
Start with repentance. It doesn't have to be anything fancy - you can even talk to God much like you would to anyone else.
> I committed a horrible sin today

You can also ask God for wisdom in resolving this situation, to give you the strength to be honest with your parents, etc. There is no specific way to pray but remember prayer shouldn't always be about you. We pray in times of need and in times of thanksgiving.


'Asking for it' doesn't matter if you're under the age of consent and she is an adult. Legally that's rape. 
Are you people seriously telling this dude to report his maid and potentially ruin her life because he got a handy? 

that's fucked up
Well it depends. If he's 16 and she's 48 do you really not see anything wrong with that? What if it was a 48 year old man fooling around with a 16 year old girl? 

I personally didn't tell him to report her, I asked for more information. He is a minor and their are laws about having sex with minors. 
For once I actually agree with the law in my state. I don't see anything wrong with that. **He** made a mistake, and sure he should repent for it but her life shouldn't be potentially ruined because of his mistake.


Also it seems really messed up that someone could be considered a rapist in one state and fine in another.
Um his mistake? At most it is THEIR mistake why are you blaming just him? Plus your state, which I'm assuming is that 16 is the age of consent, makes exceptions for 'authority figures' which she could arguably count as depending on their history. I mean, it's not unreasonable to think that she has been grooming him over the years. 
If you don't think its his mistake why would you want him to ask for forgiveness? Shouldn't he just ask for evil rape maid to be smitten?

And the only authority exceptions in my state are teachers. Also an authority argument wouldn't really work for statutory rape, just good ol rape rape (i.e. fuck me i have power over you) rather than "im 16 and horny beat my penis even though ill regret my actions later and have people tell me to blame you"
I never told him to ask for forgiveness. If he was sexually assaulted, he doesn't need to ask for forgiveness. I'm not 100% saying he was sexually assaulted, that's why I asked for more info. It's totally possible she is a 19 year old girl and he consented to the act. It's also possible she's a 48 year old who spent years grooming him and coerced him into sex. 

What state do you live in exactly? Because I'm pretty sure you're wrong...what about religious figures? Cops? Their parents' boyfriend or girlfriend? Those are all authority figures, I've never seen a state that only included teachers. Of course, there are 50 states so it's possible I'm wrong about that... but you're 100% wrong about it not applying to statutory rape, the rule is there only for statutory rape. 'Forcible rape' is illegal no matter the age so why would the 'authority figure' apply in that case? Age of consent is specifically to protect kids from being victimized by adults. I agree that age of consent laws are a mess and need to be redone but if this is a 48 year old grooming and manipulating a kid then that's a problem. 
At what point do you think it's okay for someone to have sex? Why do you think it's okay for a 16 year old to get statutory raped by a 19 year old but not a 48 year old lady?

Try reversing the scenario. You're hypothesizing that this old lady (a literal maid) is an authority figure over this kid that she (literally) works for. 

What if this poor old lady is just giving this rich kid a handy because she likes her humble life and not living on the streets. I'm sure the kid would be embarrassed if she said no and would feel uncomfortable with her around. I also doubt she's dumb enough to realize that if she says no, this kid (who is literally an authority figure over her) could get her fired. All because he's 16 doesn't mean some old lady has authority over him, especially under modern social hierarchy.  
Also, apologies for skipping one of your questions about the age of consent law in my state.

According to wikipedia, the only states that have authority laws in regard to age of consent are D.C, Alaska, Connecticut, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Ohio, South Carolina, and Vermont.

I don't see any authority laws in regard to North Carolina. (like I said, other than K-12 staff)
With the discovery of these earthlike planets our own planet just seems less special and not entirely made for us. Did Jesus die for all intelligent life throughout the universe? 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/atheism] [Hillarious topic on \/r\/christianity. Did Jesus die for aliens as well? Don't brigade!](https://np.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/5vt0c5/hillarious_topic_on_rchristianity_did_jesus_die/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Jesus was a man and died to save all mankind. It doesn't matter if there is life on other planets or not. Perhaps there are other intelligent life forms in the universe that never fell from God's grace, or have other forms of salvation.

You should read C.S. Lewis' "Out of the Silent Planet" trilogy.
First, Scripture describes God as "from everlasting to everlasting" (Ps. 90:2). Normally, we interpret that to be about time, but it could just as easily be about space. God created the farthest reaches of the universe.

The Bible isn't ABOUT informing us regarding the farthest reaches of the universe, however. It deals with humanity, right here on this planet. There simply isn't anything in Scripture that even implies that there is life on other planets.

Mathematically, I think we could make a pretty darn good case that since the Lord made such a BIG universe, that it's *likely* there is life on other planets... but that doesn't have anything to do with THIS one.

Suffice it to say that Scripture is clear: God created all the heavens and the earth (Gen.1), but we don't get specific details as to HOW He did it, the exact content of the heavens, or the possibilities of life on other worlds.

Therefore, if Scripture is silent on the matter, I don't think it's worth worrying about.

Blessings!
How does that make sense? Wasn't the death of christ because of Adam and eve? Aliens had nothing to do with that.
I gotta ask - what does this discovery change? Was there really ever any doubt that there did exist, somewhere in the universe, at least one other rocky planet in the temperate zone around its star? I mean that's only like 2 of the hundreds of requirements for life as we know it to exist, so it's kind of whatever, but I didn't think there was anything terribly shocking about this discovery.
***"Do you believe in the existence of Aliens?"***  - ^(message written by 2cor2_1)

--------------------------

This is the most commonly asked question of our day, even 20 years ago I remember people thinking you were nuts if you said you believed they existed. But something changed and our society now admits it’s belief in them, and even the Vatican has ordained a special order of Jesuits to prepare for their arrival so they can witness to them and save them. It’s now so widely accepted and believed that the reverse is now powerfully true, you're nuts if you don’t believe in them. So I get asked this all the time -

***Are aliens mentioned in the Bible? Did God create aliens? Do they exist?***

So I’ll break this down to separate it into questions and let's examine some of the findings. *These are just some of my thoughts, arguments, and my 2cents on this subject.*

As for being mentioned in the Bible there is literally nothing indicated to give the idea of Extraterrestrial life. The Nephthalim were just fallen Angels that manifested in physical form to desecrate the daughters of men. And as for the word “Aliens”, it is mentioned yes, 3 times but only in context of persons not belonging to the same area. 

* Lamentations 5:2) *Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens.*  

* Ephesians 2:12) *That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:* 

* Hebrews 11:34) *Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.* 

I have heard many a time Christians being asked that question about Aliens being mentioned in the Bible, and many flat out deny and refuse to acknowledge that technically the word Aliens is mentioned. Specifics is necessary when debating or discussing with unsaved individuals or when debating the Word of God. The unsaved won't understand the exact meaning because the Holy Spirit has not given them understanding, so they will be arguing the technical terms, therefore we must know the specifics and the exact mentions to be able to expound the truth. I myself have been burned by this issue years ago, and it was my fault for not having known, due to not having studied it before discussing it. I just went off on what I had heard and did not conduct myself like the Bereans to search it out to see if it was so.

But, the questions that I get asked more frequently than anything else, is the question of life itself existing somewhere else in the universe. I’ll list the questions in 3 parts -

***1) Can it exist, does it exist? 2) Did God make life anywhere else? And then subsequently, 3) why not?*** 

I’ve rattled on and on with reasons and arguments, but ultimately people will believe what they want to believe, and no manner of debate or reasoning will change their views unless they are truly wanting to hear. He who hath ears to hear, let him hear. 

So with that said I will give you a few examples as to why ***I do not believe in Aliens.***

A long long time ago, in a galaxy not far away, there was literally nothing. There was no matter, no light, no laws of nature, and not even time itself existed. A complete and utter void of nothingness with the exception of only God was there. 

* John 1:1-3) *In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.* 

The Great I Am, the mighty Trinity, Almighty God spoke and created all things. There was no big bang, well God said it and Bang it was there, whether there was noise or not we don’t know, but we do know that all matter was created by God. God spoke, the power of His spoken word created existence of all things, the planets, the stars, the earth, the air, the water, and all living things. 

* Genesis 1:1) *In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.* 

Fast forward a few days and we see that God created man, formed him from the dust of the ground. 

* Genesis 1:26-27) *And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.* 

So does that mean that aliens have rule over man? Because Aliens are not of Earth, so man was not given rule over them. But man was created in God’s image, so does that mean that aliens are a higher or more powerful being than man?

Mankind was made in the image of God, a 3 part being of Spirit, Soul, and Body and we are the only beings on Earth made in this manner. 

* 1Thessalonians 5:23) *And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.* 

Mankind was made special, of a higher cognitive ability, awareness of time, and understanding of life and reasoning of self's existence, and an understanding of God. 

But what about life existing somewhere else in the universe? 

***What about Aliens?***

Scripture does not say anything about God creating life anywhere else, it says He created the heavens, the stars, and all the hosts of heaven as a picture of His glory. And Earth was His focal point of attention in creation, creating all things to be made to be subject to mankind who in turn is subject to God. But why could there not be aliens, life of any kind anywhere else? 

Well let's take a look and discuss a few questions that are commonly asked.  

#1 - Can or does life exist anywhere else?

Can it? According to the Word of God, it says that He specifically made all creation on Earth, and it does not say anywhere through all Scripture that He made physical life anywhere else.

But it does say -

* Colossians 1:16-17) *For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him: And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.* 

This is pretty specific and to the point, in Heaven, and in Earth, nowhere else. It doesn't say “In the Heavens” it says heaven. But, the Greek of this verse of the word “heaven” means “Heavens” the aerial, the sky and space above you, the glory of that above you. The word heaven in the Greek is “*Ouranos*” meaning the aerial heavens. 

Dominions and principalities are the spiritual beings of Heaven and Hell, and thrones and powers are of earth’s kingdoms of mankind. 

So to argue specifics, can this possibly include life somewhere else? For that we go to the next commonly asked question.

#2 - Did God make life anywhere else?

For this question we have to ask “*Why would He?*” or “*What is the purpose of it?*” because with God there is a plan, a purpose, and a reason for all things. Scripture says that the heavens are the glory of his handiwork, and the earth is the focal point of his attention for life because this is where he made man. We were made for the purpose of serving and worshiping the Lord Almighty, and the point of all existence is the fulfillment of the story of Salvation. Life existing anywhere else does not make sense nor does it have any point of relation to the story of Earthly creation, and especially intelligent life defies the point of God making us in his image. 

------------------------------------

* (*This message is too long to post as a single post, it will be broken into 2 Parts, and Part #2 will be posted as a comment to Part #1*)
“As it was in the days of Noah, so it will be at the coming of the Son of Man.”
‭‭Matthew‬ ‭24:37‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/mat.24.37.niv

“The **Nephilim** were on the earth in those days—and also afterward—when the sons of God went to the daughters of humans and had children by them. They were the heroes of old, men of renown.”
‭‭Genesis‬ ‭6:4‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/gen.6.4.niv
Christ was pretty clear that his message was for everyone. ET life would simply be a great opportunity to share the Gospel with all nations - Rev 7:9 refers to every tongue, nation and tribe. I doubt there was much of a concept of ET life back in Biblical days, which could easily explain why Jesus couldn't say "all intelligent life". I'm pretty excited by the prospect honestly!
Not particularly. Actually it's more interesting that we haven't discovered intelligent alien life yet, whereas we were expecting to do so within the search parameters already explored. The planets you refer to are only "earthlike" within a very loose definition of the word - we have no reason at the moment to think that  there is any life there, let alone intelligent life.

Did Jesus, God made Man specifically, die for non-humans, if they exist at all? Probably not, if we make the (shaky) assumption that our species is not particularly favoured. But that doesn't mean that the Son dies on every world: we don't know that they (if they exist) need to be redeemed, nor that His death is the only effective means of redemption for them.

If I can turn this around for a moment: you are asking whether Christ's death was once for all the people in the universe. I think that His message is that He would be prepared to die for you alone.
Not going to vote anything, just come check out the atheist subreddit a bit
Do I believe in aliens? Absolutely not. "Aliens" are fallen angels and the aliens are just a trick as mentioned in the bible as the Great Deception. 
[removed]
I get around.

-the serpent
(*Part #2*) of ***"Do you believe in the existence of Aliens?"***  - ^(message written by 2cor2_1)

---------------------------

This point flows into -
#3 -“Why Not?”

Life or intelligent life cannot exist because it is not of this world, as all creation is tainted by sin and is corrupted. Therefore that would mean that life anywhere else would be outside the corruption of sin.

* Romans 8:19-22) *For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope, Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.* 

* Acts 4:12) *Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.* 

* Isaiah 45:22) *Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.* 

So, if there are aliens, are they corrupted by sin and need a plan of salvation? Does God need to send them a Saviour? 

Or are they sinless beings living in a type of eden, immortal and perfect?

The whole idea of life here is the fulfillment of the Word of God, as all scripture from Genesis to Revelation has a picture and image of Christ and His power and salvation. So to say that aliens exist of any kind, has no point to it and it contradicts the point of Scripture. Could God have made them? Sure, He’s God, He can do anything, but did He? No, because He works and creates with purpose and planning, and the sheer existence of life anywhere else does not work with the layout of Scripture. 

God does not do pointless things, He is not the author of confusion, and creation was made for the purpose of serving Him and glorifying Him. Life elsewhere is confusion and a violation of the purpose of created existence and it goes against everything we believe. Not to mention that the whole idea of life elsewhere came from the minds of wicked men trying to explain existence without God. Evolution spawns alien life, atheism, humanism, and satanic doctrine. The Doctrines of God cannot and do not include life outside this world, because God only sent His Son to this world because He So loved this world. 

So, life existing on other planets is only valid in Science Fiction and imagined made up stories. As a reality it cannot exist because God did not make it nor would even love it because He only So loved us. If He did it would have been included in our story, and would have been included in the salvation plan, but it’s not and therefore cannot exist. 

* Romans 1:18-23) *For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness; Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them. For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse: Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.* 

Here’s another thought to consider, if aliens are true how are they to be considered in the Gospel narrative? Christ said -

* Mark 16:15) *And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.* 

Does this include aliens? It’s ridiculous to say but so many Christians believe this, and they argue then that if they can’t be intelligent because souls are involved, then it’s not intelligent life but they’re animal type beings like dogs and fish. What this is then is an argument of disbelieving the Word of God because they do not study or fully believe what they say they believe. God’s Word is clear, specific, and answers every single possible question that could ever arise, and simple faith and belief is all that is needed. 

They say they believe in life on other planets because they cannot accept or believe that this is all there is. But, that is the whole point, it isn't. Our souls live on for eternity and we will then live with God forever. Life here is temporary, mortal, and confined to this one planet, with the stars and sun and moon as pictures of God’s glory. The Sun is a representation of Christ, the moon as the saints reflecting the brightness and glory of the sun into the darkness of the earth. The stars are a picture of the angels, and all galaxies and other planets of creation is the work of God’s handiwork. All life is focused and concentrated to this Earth, and only here, and creating life elsewhere is splitting God’s focus and directed concentration, and this is creating a double minded point. 

* James 1:8) *A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.* 

***A teaching or belief cannot be held valid if it violates a doctrine of Scripture, even remotely. All ideas, all beliefs, all thought, and all actions must be held subject to the Word of God. Let God be true and every man a liar.***

- God Bless
> A long long time ago, in a galaxy not far away, there was literally nothing. There was no matter, no light, no laws of nature, and not even time itself existed.

there is so much wrong in this two sentences! 
there is no galaxy not far away. galaxies are very very far away. and how could there be a galaxy when there was no matter at all? so was there a galaxy or nothing? choose one. and how long ago was it when there was literally no time? the statement "long ago" literally requires the existence of time. 
That would be exciting until ET reveal they started the human race and earth is but a petri dish in a vast cosmic lab. They explain that we are part of an experiment between a planet where they didn't introduce superstition and us. They feel bad, because they've grown to like our species, so they arrived in order to clear up some misconceptions regarding our intense affinity to bronze age morality and reasoning. 


Intruder alert!!  :)
What are you talking about? I said nothing about ending death.

And even is science did end death, we would still need salvation from our sins and the wrath of God. Personally, I don't believe we ever will end death, God has limited our days.
sameteam, have you ever actually *read* Lewis' Space Trilogy?

It's a pretty good piece of old-school sci-fi, and it does a fine job of dealing with the moral implications of other beings on other worlds and if the Fall affected them or not.

I'm not going to spoil the books for you by posting any give-aways here, but I will recommend that you do yourself a favor and ACTUALLY read them, instead of dismissing what App1eEater said in his recommendation.
Christianity is about far more than salvation after death. Hence why all this talk about what we do while on Earth. I doubt tech will ever get to a place where we can prevent death, but it would be an interesting question how we would react in that scenario. 
IF other lifeforms exist, they could have simply made the choice to become absent from God like Adam and Eve did. Then a saviour would be required.
You're trying too hard. They were clearly making jovial reference to the opening words of Star Wars, and then describing the pre-Big Bang (non) state of the universe - no matter, no light, no laws of nature, no time. 
That would be kinda sucky, but I don't think that'll happen ;) 
+10 for the Star Wars reference, -5 for having no idea what you are talking about. Net 5 points is pretty good though
don't hurt me plz
[removed]
[removed]
Did Adam and Eve actually choose to reject God, or were they just curious about the enticing fruit from the Tree of Knowledge? I'm not the devil. I'm just the most cunning of the beasts of the field. Check your bible. It never says I'm Satan. I'm curiosity. I'm questioning authority. I'm the reason you have technology and art. 

I'm what makes you human.

-the Serpent
sorry this wasn't meant to you. I replied to the wrong post :/
I harm no one who hasn't harmed me.

Like, annoying me slightly in any way, or getting up for popcorn. You get the picture.
You do you bro.
Maybe we should move on over to r/debateachristian - however, in the mean time:

Christianity, I would argue, is not a death cult. Christ did a heck of a lot more than simply play tourist while on Earth; any of the Gospels will confirm that. Christ experienced death, and then overcame it - the point isn't that he died, it's that he *resurrected*. The cross is the symbol of Christianity for a lot a reasons, not the least of which is a sobering reminder at the cost through which God gave us new *life*. 
Christianity is about far more than death. Christ's death acts as an atonement for the sin of mankind, a sacrificial lamb. Whether or not you can live forever, you still need forgiveness of sins. Jesus' ascension into heaven in bodily form also has profound implications for the afterlife. Living in a "virtual world" as you keep stating, is a fake, artificial version of a *real* heaven where we will have *physical* bodies. Personally, I would prefer to die. No matter how great a virtual world could be, it's limited to our own imaginations. And *our* own imaginations are nothing compared to *God's* heaven. Additionally, say we could develop science to allow for immortality. Jesus will return one day, and judge the living and the dead. Even if the living are currently 1,000 years old because science has gotten them this far.
God warned them that if they ate the fruit, they would die. 
God, who had created and given them access to life, science, sex, and recreational forestry, and so much knowledge and chance to excel in regards to those. Whom had appeared to be truthful in everything he had said before.

The serpent said that they would not die, but would take on something that belonged to God: The knowledge of good and evil.
Satan didn't drag humanity away from God, Adam and Eve stole what was forbidden by the guy who obviously knows better, and then fled the scene and hid themselves away.


Question authority isn't straight up stealing, it is having a dialogue with that authority first. Instead the second opinion of the serpent was accepted as truth. Did they ever think of questioning this slippery snake's authority on the subject?

The serpent is nothing special, just a third party. He didn't make Adam & Eve take the fruit, in fact they or their descendants could have taken it without him. So the same can occur on other planets.


You claim the falling away gave us technology and art when in reality those could have easily existed with the vast amount of resources and freedom that the first humans had. They had free access to animals that did not bite, to their fur and scales, perhaps, to every piece of greenery except one. The secrets of science or 'how does this work?' were open to them, and all the art that could have accompanied it.

You aren't what made me human, God made me human.

You are not what created my rebelliousness, humans did that.

But humans without God are not fully human.

This is why we were given a way to be human, something we'd stolen from ourselves.
Lol totally fine! Still bonus points though!
The Egyptians said the same thing about the cult of Osiris and they used an ankh, a cross with a handle, that was a symbol of the resurrection of Osiris. He was the son of Ra, the Egyptian sun God, the King of the gods.  Have you ever seen a photo of an image of Isis holding her son Horus?
God made Man in his own image, and God is perfect, so any flaws Man has must have been intentional. The whole thing is a jive-ass setup, plopping a great-looking tree down right there in the Garden and saying "Do what you want , but don't eat offa *this* tree, or else!". God KNEW Man would eat from it, because God knows EVERYTHING, right?

And why did God have to call out in search of Adam and Eve after they became ashamed of their nakedness and hid? I thought he was omniscient.

And why, and this is key, did the "one true" God mutter to himself "Shoot! If Man eats from *that* tree, he will become as We are, and live forever!" (**Genesis 3:22**). Who is "we"? I thought there were no other Gods! And I thought that death was punishment for eating of the tree, and before that, Man was to live eternally in the Garden? Plus, they didn't die. Was God lying? Mistaken? 

"Questioning authority" doesn't mean *literally* asking questions of someone in authority, it means not taking the official party line on faith, it means being skeptical and demanding evidence before you buy into whatever ridiculous lie you hear. It is what separates *smart* people from *dumb* people.

And your claim that the garden was a science lab just waiting for Man to start in on discovering the secrets of the universe is just absolutely unsupported by anything ever written or said anywhere, and is, to boot, one of the most blatant pieces of bullshit a godbotherer has ever spewed in my presence, and you have some competition there, my friend.

On what, pray tell, did you base *that* little claim?

The serpent was correct, They didn't die. God lied. He was therefore NOT "Whom had appeared to be truthful in everything He had said before.".

Art and technology don't arise in heavenly gardens of bliss, they almost exclusively come from suffering and conflict and war and competition for survival. Period. The idea of Adam the Scientist experimenting away in the Garden  is even sillier that Man riding around on dinosaurs.

I am the Spirit of the serpent, and I am no Devil, and I have never lied to you.  I AM "something special", and I am not "slippery". God lied to you. God set you up. God kept you like zoo animals. God tried to get you to disregard your True Nature, and He was *responsible* for your true nature.

God set you up to *FAIL*.

*I* set you up to *survive*. I set you up to storm the gates of heaven and take what is rightfully yours. I am your humanity. your liberator, your benefactor, and the only one who ever loved you enough to be *honest* with you. I demand no blood sacrifice, no tithe, no blind faith, no penance, no ritual. I require no pasty priesthood or criminal idle clergy. I make no commandments, and no threats. I am your only hope, the spark of all that is great in you. I am the essence of your highest aspirations, your determination, your love and your hope.

So straighten up and fly right, willya? Sheesh,

-the Serpent (getting a little testy)








ok, thank you sir. but why only 5? I demand the whole 10 +5 for reason and logic. why do you think I have no idea what I'm talking about? 
I have not, but I wouldn't say ancient Egypt was a death cult...
1.God made man in his own image. God can create things, therefore man can create things. Man made ourselves in our own image. The flaws in man are not intentional, and here's why:


God did not create separation nor evil. Evil is the absence of God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JgpARGvBnc
http://www.delawareonline.com/story/life/2015/01/21/cold-absence-heat/22116781/
As cold is the absence of heat, so is EVIL the ABSENCE of God.
We created the absence.


2.If you knew how badly your kids would screw up, would you allow them free will? Or turn them into robots?


3.'We' must automatically equal God? There's no angels, demons, Satan, or God-in-the-flesh? *Cough*Melchizedek*Cough*
And what is death? The absence of life. If you actually read through the book with an inquiring mind you would discover that absence from God is considered death merely because it allows death.
https://bible.knowing-jesus.com/Ephesians/2/type/nasb
Second chapter of Ephesians sums it up pretty well.


Questioning of authority may not mean literally asking questions, but being sceptical and demanding evidence would have certainly been the more intelligent choice than simply buying into a snake's ridiculous lie. Taking the fruit first thing implies purposeful lack of thought and imagination, two things which separate *smart* decisioning from *dumb* decisioning.


If your daddy was the creator of the universe, and you wondered what the rocks were made of, you could just ask him. Unsatisfied with a verbal answer? Ask to see. A science lab is *easily* possible in this scenario, just not one that humans themselves could generate out of thin air without being alive for hundreds or millions of years-Oh, wait, they didn't take the time to look at science because they were too busy studying cause and effect!


So what, pray tell, am I basing *this* claim on? The fact that they had the resources available, because they had the manufacturer available.


If art and technology are so great, yet spawn from suffering, then the serpent didn't give it to us, God did by planting the tree. If you are so happy with science, then why act so upset towards God?


It's not possible to do science in a garden? Ever? Grass, rocks, everything, and the idea of creating a science lab when you have someone who can conjure everything up is ridiculous?
...I would disprove the notion that dinosaurs cannot be ridden simply because we've rode on horses and elephants, but we have no idea.


You are the Serpent who has never lied, yet you said "You shall not die." and they became separated, resulting in death.
We were not trapped in the Garden, because Eden is translated into Atmosphere. It was the *WAY THE WORLD WAS*, not some few miles long clump of trees.


All God said was what would happen if we ate from the tree. If God set us up, then the serpent did not set us up to survive, God did. Because he gave us everything we need. Our survival instincts, the plants and animals we eat, the ground upon which we walk.


Oh, but you cannot walk, you crawl. Because instead of letting two people choose with their own minds, you deliberately lied to them.
"You shall not die," *Lie.* "You shall become like God." *Truth.*
See the catch here? Tell half the truth, to draw them in, tell a lie to *lose your legs.*


*The serpent MAY not be the Devil, but the Devil is the father of lies, and the serpent uttered the greatest lie: That humanity shall not die. Yet you sit there on that keyboard and pretend that by utterly denying the existence of death, it can be overcome because of the serpent.*
So I can either choose the God that was vague, but truthful, or the serpent who lied. 


Satan shows himself as a messenger of light, is the father of lies, and does everything the serpent did whilst revelling in the corrupt, the blood sacrifice, false tithing, perversion of scripture, pasty priesthood and criminal idle clergy. 


His greatest command is that you think for yourself, only of yourself, in a positive light, fight all others, refuse to assist those who do not benefit you, to claw and struggle your way to the top no matter the cost, and indulge in every corruption that has found it's way into Christianity, including the blasphemous creation of a 'Church' which is his way of controlling the followers of Christ.


Your argument is distasteful not because it causes me to question, I appreciate questioning my beliefs, but because it is founded on animosity and a lack of understanding. To have an open mind and inquire into things with humility is neither remove scepticism nor brainwash yourself into a zombie, it is the true characteristic of scholars out to discover the truth.




So won't you lighten up and drop the snake skin? Geeze,
-Your's truly (take a deep breath, I can wait.)
No I have no idea what you are talking about. Hence the minus 5 deduction 

Hey guys, for my University worldviews class I am required to survey a group of teenagers regarding their beliefs and worldviews. 

If you are ages 12-19, I would appreciate the help :) I will definitely let you all be aware of the results after it's been collected! 

It's totally anonymous, so feel free to speak your mind.

[Here is the link to the survey!](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LVwijcjaLIQyMvkCu9lOi1OOdVmQ1cBEbulxUD4PW-8) 
When and where will you publish the results of your survey ?
Alright, did the survey. 
The program I used is only allowing me to show it via excel spreadsheet. I'll put it in a dropbox link and share it the link.
Will wait for your survey results here.
Ever since I was young, my parents had told me of the belief that someone was up above. That was all, we never prayed or went to church and so my family wasn't very concerned about this belief or lifestyle.

We moved from the first house I lived in to a mobile home across from my school. It was then that I met someone who introduced me to Jesus. This person later on became my best friend until recent. I attended Bryant Street Baptist Church. I only went to the church to play with my friends though, not learn.

Another guy in my mobile home park would actually bring all the kids in the park to the First Baptist Church of my hometown. He was nice, over religious was how I saw that man. I wanted the best for him and thought he was cool. I would actually go to learn until I found a friend from school at this church who wasn't even religious, we would ditch church and hang out on the balcony. 

In high School, I then found the church that truly brought me the closest I've ever been to Jesus. Wildwood Calvary Chapel. They were a small church that would set up at the high school at night for mid week service and in the morning on Sunday for your regular service. They were awesome, read the Bible word for word and went deep into the meaning. The worship was amazing to listen to unlike the other churches. I was raised on classic rock and metal my whole life but the way this church played, even though it was acoustic and the drum was a box (cajon), it still sounded amazing and touched my heart.

I attended that church and grew with that church all the way until it got it's own building. I also found my first job thanks to this church, Forest Home in Forest Falls, CA. A Christian camp center, I was simply the maintenance guy. Cleaning the outdoors everyday! With that job I grew with God because I'm with a bunch of Christians and also they even had a service every other Tuesday, as well as a retreat once a year. 

This is where the story of my life begins. I came home from work one day and since I was the janitor of the outdoors, I had sap on my hand. I asked my father where the peanut butter was, for those of you who don't know peanut butter gets sap off your hand quickly! My father and I get in an argument over whether or not it's peanut butter or mayo that gets sap off your hand... It's both. After I get the sap off my hand, I head into my bedroom and hear, "Next time you use the peanut butter, put it away you lazy ****." My dad was a very angry man and ever since I had started believing in Jesus, he started to disbelieve and mock Jesus. My attitude grew quickly since I have had enough of his anger for the past several years. I reply with, "I'm sorry dad, would you like me to put it away right now, you *******?" My father was half deaf and so he asked me what did I say, I repeated it, but only the first half, he then asks me what else I had said, I don't lie so I told him.

He gave me a look he had only given me 3 times in my life. A look of hate, wanting to teach of a lesson. He then swings at me and I dodged it, it barely flicked my nose. The fact he swung at me brought me to a new end where out of reflex I swing back and hit him in the face. He then takes two more swings at me and doesn't hit me as I backed up, he got to close for my comfort so I kicked him down to the ground. I tried to reason with him as he was getting up to come attack me but he wouldn't negotiate, he chases me down the hallway with a flurry of fists all missing and I turn the corner and uppercut him in the ribs.

Game over, he turns around and tells me to get out of the house. I ask if I can get out of my work uniform first. By this point he has made it to the end of the hallway where he starts to have trouble breathing. He falls to one knee, falls to two, then onto his back. I freak out, don't know what to do, as my father lied there dying. I try and call 911 but my mom had taken you cell phone that day to use for some other cause and our house phone was ran through Vontage, the phone service that requires Internet... We didn't have internet. So I ran to a friends house and asked to borrow their phone to call 911 and that my father was dying. They hand me their phone and I call. After the paramedics arrived people were lying about my fathers way of living, saying he never did any drugs. That was a lie. I came out and told the truth and said that I'm sick and tired of lying, yes he does "this" drug. I'm afraid my family is going to hate me, I'm afraid if my father were to survive that in that ambulance I would be next. I was scared that he would die though cause I didn't want him gone! 

I get taken into the police department to be interrogated. They put me in their break room rather than a jail cell. So I'm watching family feud as I wait to go into the interrogation room, how ironic. After the interrogation was over they hear back that my father at 5:57pm on June 6th, 2011 had fully passed on. I couldn't stop crying. When my friends came to pick my up from the police department, I had to make jokes about the event to get through the night. 

My house turned into hotel California afterwards, my mother said she needed a bunch of people around to help her get through this event. I wanted to be alone. I lost quite a few friends throughout this time in my life but they weren't the true friends. So it's good I got rid of them otherwise I'd still be in a bad state of my life. Since my father had passed we couldn't afford rent on the house. Sleep had been evicted and needed to move out. We found another house on the last day we could live at our old house. Coincidence? I think not.

In this new house, we didn't have internet or video games, just DVDs and drugs. I went to the bar that was two blocks from my house, for 6 months in a row. Found myself a girlfriend there, then my mother and I got kicked out of that house and needed to move again. I moved in with this girlfriend and my mother moved in to a house a family member on her side could provide.

This relationship lasted maybe two months and by that point I was being kicked out. Throughout all of this time I couldn't attend church. I lived in a city next to the one that had my church. One day though, thanks to a friend, I made it to the church to talk with them about my whole living situation. There was nothing they could do. They promised me a job before working as a janitor for them but that fell through. It was ever since they got their building of theirs built that they stopped being so personal with their church members.

Out of nowhere I get a call from a grandmother who had a restraining order on me since I was 14. She said to come out to Arizona to live with her. With no other option, I pack my two boxes worth of stuff and leave. Took a greyhound out there. I got a job within 3 weeks, so much faster than California. But now I had no church to attend. My job actually made me work every Sunday morning so one day I told them that I refuse to work Sunday's and as part of the civil rights act I have this right. Surprised my manager and he said he would give me a Sunday off, but at this point in my life of Arizona, my mother moved out, I started going to school, everything was great, then my mother got in a car wreck with a new car we had just bought. I didn't want to have to pay for her bills because of her stupidity I thought, so I moved to Utah thanks to a friend from the Bryant street baptist church I first attended. He drove 8 hours down into AZ to pick me up and take me up here to UT. Total hours - 16. This is where I've been for the past two years.

I've been off and on with communication to God. I met a lady out here by the name of April, who brought so much light into my life. She said she was raised baptist but didn't follow the religion anymore. Almost like me except religion was forced down her throat where as I haven't had the chance to find a church I enjoyed out here. After a year of dating April, we had gotten married. We have great jobs, making a combined total of 21 dollars an hour currently. The other night, April had said she wouldn't mind checking out a church out here... That surprised me so much and made me so happy! Knowing that I can come back to God without being looked down upon or disagreed with and that she would like to go to. 

This story is why I believe there is a God. Even though my father died technically of a heart attack, I still felt like a killer. Even though my church wasn't there for me, God was and brought the strangest person from my life to support me. And although I walked away from my mother cause I felt she needed to relearn responsibility, it brought me to a place where I met the love of my life and to a community that is a small town yet comfortable to live in. 

Thank you Jesus!
God bless you.  I am happy for you. May God give you the desire of your heart and make successful all your plans!


He definitely has plans for me :) it's amazing how He works. Thanks for the blessing, I appreciate it! 
Hey, /r/Christian. I've got an issue with prayer -- why do we use the imperative mood in prayer? The imperative mood is used in English for making demands. Every prayer seems like a list of demands rather than petitions. Even the Lord's Prayer:

---

*"Give us this day our daily bread*

*And forgive us our trespasses...*

*Lead us not into temptation*

*But deliver us from evil."*

---

And don't even get me started on "God bless America!"

The imperative mood seems so demanding and selfish. Who am I to demand anything of God? I feel less like an adult asking for help and more like a whiny brat making bratty demands of God. Give me this! Forgive me that!

But I'm not really here to moan about prayer. I'm asking you guys for a new way of thinking about the imperative mood in prayer so that I don't drive myself to distraction while praying. How can I look a imperative prayer so that it makes more sense? Any thoughts or advice are appreciated!

(I suppose if you were God, I would just say: "Give me a new way to look at prayer!" like some spoiled little kid telling his mom to give him  juice box.)
One way of looking at it is that God commands us to pray, so it is obedience when we ask Him for things. It shows Him honor when we acknowledge that these things come from Him. It shows humility to admit you need stuff you can't get on your own.

Also, the Lord's Prayer includes the phrase "Thy will be done," so if it's God's will for you to not get any food today, you are actually praying for that to happen.

However, I don't think we're required to pray in imperative sentences. I don't think there is anything wrong with praying "Thank You for providing me with food. I trust You to give me everything I need" or "Thank you for sending Jesus to die for my sins. I accept the forgiveness You offer."
I pray so God knows me. I say thank you a lot, I ask for things mostly for others. I pray for others, on their behalf. For their safety, for their lives, I try to be thorough, and pray about anyone I think about. Like I'm going to pray for you, and anyone that reads these words. Let prayer be a tool. God loves to hear you, so pray for the love of it.
The way I look at it and the way it has been preached to me... If you don't ask for it, you're probably not going to get it. God asks that whatever requests we have, we present unto him. So, anytime there's something on my mind I always let Him know. You can pray for small things. You can pray for big things. I understand where you're coming from though. Sometimes it does feel like you're being too demanding. Not sure the name of the video or the link or anything... But get on YouTube and look up a Joyce Meyer video on prayer. I think the name is something like, "How To Pray". Haven't watched it in awhile, but I remember thinking it was really insightful. 
I used to be the same way, I felt such a gap between me and God during prayer. When you pray, try to give thanks and use it as a way of worship. Thank God for being so wonderful and powerful, thank Him for loving you the way he does.

It won't come immediately,  you will have to work at it. But allow God to let your prayers come, He will bring your prayer thoughts to the front of your mind. Just go with it, even if it's something as silly as a leaking faucet or needing to mow the grass. Thank God for the running water and the blessing of a home, then prayer for the resources to fix the leak and the energy/willpower to mow the grass.

He already knows what you need and what is bothering you, prayer isn't just to update Him. It's a way for you both to communicate and grow closer. I hope you change your prayer pattern and grow your faith. 
Don't forget the worship part of prayer. Hollowed be thy name.  Praise God for who he is too.  
Thank God! Your question is very good. Before I also don't know how to prayed for God. Only work as a ritual, pray for God grace and bless. Now I read this passage God's word and I can understand God's of heart. And I have really experienced. Now I share God's word with you, I  hope it will be helpful.God said :**"In your daily life, you attach no importance to prayer. You all have neglected the matter of prayer. Before, you all prayed before God in a perfunctory and careless way. None of you have ever put your heart completely before God and made a genuine prayer to God, but you only prayed to God when you had troubles. Over such a long time, have you ever had a genuine prayer with God? Have you ever had a time of weeping bitterly before God? Have you ever had a time of knowing yourself before God? Have you ever had a heart-to-heart prayer with God in God’s presence? Prayer requires gradual exercise. If you do not pray at home at ordinary times, you will not be able to pray in the church. If you do not pray in small meetings at ordinary times, you will not be able to pray in big meetings. If you do not draw near to God or ponder God’s word at ordinary times, you will have no words to say when praying, and even if you pray, it will be on your lips and will not be a genuine prayer.What is a genuine prayer? It is to speak to God what is in your heart, fellowship with God on the basis of touching God’s will, and fellowship with God in God’s word, and you feel that you are very close to God, that God is right before you, that you have words to say to God and you are very brightened in your heart, and that God is very lovely, and thus you feel very encouraged and the brothers and sisters have enjoyment when hearing it and feel that what you say is their innermost thoughts and is what they want to say and that what you say substitutes for what they want to say. This is a genuine prayer. After you make a genuine prayer, you will have peace and enjoyment in your heart, your strength to love God will be stirred up, and you will feel that loving God is the most worthy and meaningful thing in life. This proves that your prayer has achieved results. Have you ever made such a prayer? How to enter into genuine prayer? When you pray, you have to have a heart quiet before God and have a sincere heart, and should have genuine fellowship and prayer with God and not say nice words to deceive God. When you pray, center on what God wants to accomplish now, ask God to give you more inspiration and enlightenment, and bring your actual states and difficulties before God, including making resolutions before God. To pray is not to go through the motions but to seek God with a true heart and to beseech God to keep your heart, so that your heart can often be quiet before God, and you can know yourself, hate yourself, and forsake yourself in the environments God arranges for you, and thus you can have a normal relationship with God and truly become a person who loves God"**(form in The Word Appears in the Flesh)
> It shows Him honor when we acknowledge that these things come from Him. It shows humility to admit you need stuff you can't get on your own.

All great thoughts, but the quote above really gets at what I was looking for with this post. Even in the imperative mood, we are admitting to our lack of power. And this is really a great example of the power inversion that I think is at the heart of the gospel, where all expectations are inverted--to demand something of someone isn't a display of power, it's actually an admission of need.

Thank you!
Thank you!
Hmm... looks like she has a lot of videos on prayer. I'll poke around.

I don't know that I agree with "If you don't ask for it, you're probably not going to get it," but I'm not going to debate it. I agree with a lot of what you're saying! Pray for big and little things, yes! I sometimes think people limit what they ask for, which in a way is like putting limits on God.
Those are some great thoughts on prayer, thanks! I especially like the idea that "prayer isn't just to update Him."
Important point! Thanks!
Glad it could help!
Hey guys.  I'm new to this sub, but it looks like a really good place.  I badly need some Christian support in my life right now, I can't do it on my own.  

Anyways, I'll cut to the chase.  One of my best friends has a brain tumour.  He's barely keeping up in school (he only manages to come half the time or less).  He's always sick from time to time, but lately it seems like a lot more frequently.  He gets vomiting and migraines.  I'm just really scared because if it gets worse he might have to get a surgery, which has a 40% lethality rate.  He's 18.  

I love him to death, and he's one of the sweetest, most caring people I know.  I'd hate to lose him, and what's worse is that he'd never get a chance to grow up and enjoy life.  His life has been quite the mess so far, and I want him to be able to see better days.

It would mean the world if you guys could pray for him, both for his mental health (he struggles with depression, PTSD and an eating disorder), his physical health, and that God will be with him and bring him healing.  But more than anything God's will be done.  Thank you so much!  It means the world!
I will certainly be praying for both your friend and his family, as well as you yourself, as these things are hard on the loved ones as well, because watching has it's own kind of pain of course.  I will pray that God's will and his plan become more clear to you all, because there has to be some reason this all has happened, and God must have a plan for your lives.  It may even have something to do with this.  He may want you all to seek him more, and to bring you together with fellow Christians as you all fight this fight.  I have no idea, but that is my prayer.  That God reveals what in the world He is doing so that you all can get with Him on it, and it's not just a confusing mess...
You have my prayers
Thank you so much, it means the world.  It would be nice to be on the same page as God with this, but I guess I'm not supposed to see the big picture yet.  But thank you again! And God bless!
Thank you so much!
No problem.  If I were you, I would just pray that prayer constantly.  Ask God what He's doing, and be honest and open with Him about your confusion, and hurt, and even your anger with Him if that's present.  If you pour out all that stuff on Him, then it won't bring you away from Him, but closer, and that's key in times like these.  Don't take those feelings and bottle them up away from God, because the devil loves to get you and your feelings alone, and use them to take you to a place where you turn your back on God because of them...that's always a danger...
Yes, absolutely.  I'm having a bit of a rocky relationship with God.  I know he is the right way, and really the only way, but it's hard to stick with it.  There is definitely some anger.  It seems so unfair that someone so sweet and kind should have such a hard childhood and then maybe not even live to see 20.  But I guess God knows what he's doing better than I do.  I'm trying to find some Christian support, that's one of the reasons I came to Reddit.  I can't do this on my own anymore.  But it seems like a nice place! Thank you again and God bless!
Right, but don't forget to take that stuff to God Himself.  You don't have to stay confused.  If you don't get why someone so sweet and kind should have such a hard childhood, then ask him.  If you don't get why he could die before 20, or why anyone does for that matter, ask Him.  These things can cause us to know God in a way we never did.  It's great to find Christian support, and you certainly should do that but there's nothing like the support from Christ Himself...
That sounds like an obvious answer, but for some reason I never thought of that hahah. Thank you!
No problem, that's a big moment in a Christian's life: the choice to either accept bad things as God being evil or possibly not real, or forcing ourselves to believe he has an answer for it and asking Him.  So important to make the right choice at times like this.
Yeah, I know God exists and he's all-good, but for some reason I don't want to obey him.  Pride I suppose.  I guess that's why pride is a sin :/
Makes sense to me.  You should pray for that to be taken away.  We can't ever serve God until we get rid of those parts of us that don't want to.  
Yeah, that's a good idea. I have tried before. I'm not using that as an excuse as to why I can't do it again, I just thought I'd say.  But yeah for sure.

Good comparison. So sad. Not surprised though. 
It's not fetal tissue.  It's baby parts.

If the sale of baby parts doesn't cause a moral outrage, then there's nothing worth getting outraged about.

Some lion getting shot isn't a moral outrage, in my opinion.


Let the tv over blow a supposed war between us all.  
I wish you all good will and happiness this time of year with you and yours.  
:) 
And a happy new year!
Happy holidays to you /u/fightingforair!
Thanks man. Good luck!
This^is^a^bot. Hopefully it is working. If you can see this, then you know it is working. Created by _USER_
:)


Note: I suspect this post is different from the type of content normally found in this subreddit, but nevertheless I think it is appropriate for this subreddit, and follows all the rules in the sidebar. In particular, the post does NOT belong on r/atheism even though that's where it is currently very popular. As a Christian message for Christians, it belongs here even if it relates to atheism. I hope that if anybody in Emanuella's target audience reads this, that you will stop and think about what she said even if you disagree with her.
The young lady has learned an important lesson.  Good.  :-)  I hope she also will learn that the single most loving thing we can do for someone is to introduce them to the love of God.  It would be easy for her to misapply her lesson here and not evangelise or want to share her faith with atheists but if she truly wants to be loving she can't do that.
Word.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Fod4sy8wtw
The theme of this linked website is unfortunate. I did not read the message as a result.
Christianity is not about being good. It's about Christ being good. You're (and I am) bad, evil, and sinful. We need Christ because he was the only good one. He gave his life as a sacrifice so that we would be forgiven of our sin - not (primarily) so that we would be good people.
Well said! I just wish more Christians would realize that being Christian isn't about judgement of other people and unwanted change, it's about love and acceptance.  I hope your message reaches those Christians that don't realize it!
Wow, that is so powerful and is a great message for everyone. I really hope this is something I start seeing all over, because it is right on. 
Yup. All men are good in their own eyes. The thing that *made* me a Christian is the realization that *am not* good, and need a redeemer.
Actually, one of Christ's two main teachings as stated in Matthew 22:33-40 was "Love your neighbors as yourself". That means you should be good to people. (Either that, or you love yourself by being bad/evil towards yourself.)
Certainly we should be good to people. And I do agree that Christ taught us about being good to others, loving your neighbor, loving God, etc.

However, Christianity is not about being good to people or being good in general. It's about being forgiven in Christ.

It's up to you to let His love prove itself and make the world jealous of what you have because of how you live. 
Yeah! He always seems so obvious in times of great stress.

We know in Romans 1 that all have knowledge of the creator and will be without excuse on the day of judgment. 
 understand that it is a long,arduous , redundant, and sometimes life-threatening mission to spread the word and preacb about Christ. On average, it takes a muslim 7 years to convert from Islam. Mormons are pretty similar. Jehovahs witnesses are even harder. Then, at the same time, you have other christians spreading false-hoods, looking like idiots,  and telling everyone that God honors their religions as well.

You have a big system already against you :
Phillipians 4:13 I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.

Take heart! Wherever you go you serve the mission! Where ever the gospel is preached we know someone is coming with us:
Revelations 7:9After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;

Don't quit! Even when they harass and hurt you. Because so many still have never heard and so many just need to hear it one more time!
I pray and it doesn't seem to work. why is this ?
I've had prayers answered. Not all of them, but it has happened.

Why aren't your prayers answered? Well, there could be a bunch of reasons.

First, many like to say that all prayers are answered: sometimes the answer is Yes, sometimes it's No, and sometimes it's Not Yet. Just because you don't see the result of what you prayed for doesn't mean it wasn't answered.

Second, what are you praying for? God isn't going to do anything that goes against His character or His own will, so for example praying that Donald Trump would retroactively lose the 2016 election is not something God is in the business of doing. We need to pray prayers that God is willing to answer. The best example, of course, is the Lord's Prayer, sometimes called the Our Father. In it we see praying for daily provision, forgiveness (for ourselves), the fruit of the spirit (in ourselves), protection against sin and evil, and submission to God's will, not ours. Other biblical examples of prayer are a good way to think through what you're asking.

Third, what exactly are you hoping to accomplish? Many Christians argue that prayer is not about changing God's mind or about coercing God to do something, but rather about changing our minds and hearts more into alignment with his. So, when we pray for protection, it's not so much that we're begging God to keep us safe, as that we are reminding ourselves that God is our protector. All that to say, the discipline of prayer in and of itself is valuable, totally apart from how and whether the prayers themselves are answered.
yes, the prayer must be according to Jesus' teaching, as He said whatever you ask Father in my name.

Also you should have faith and if you should repent from sins which separate you from God.

Of course, not all of my prayers were answered, but those who to grow in Christian peace, hope, love, to repent of sins, to do God's will, etc.
Prayer is really about coming into the presence of God and not about giving Him a list of things we want. However, with that being said, yes He does answer prayers and He has answered all of mine. As others have posted, He sometimes answers "No or wait." One of the most important yeses I received was when I called out to him to save me from my sins. Back to the idea of coming into God's presence as we pray. As we pray and praise God he works in our lives, by His Spirit and as we yield ourselves to His will, our will becomes aligned with his. It is extremely important to not just pray but to read and meditate on God's Word as well. In this way, God will communicate with us and we with Him. Jesus presents us with an example of this type of pray in the Garden of Gethsemane. He asked His Father to find another way to save the world. To not send Him to the cross, but God the Father does not change the plan. Jesus does not hear from the Father here (at least not audibly). Yet, Jesus, when He is finished praying comes away with "Nevertheless, your will be done." and a new resolve to move forward toward the crucifixion. 
I have seen prayers answered.  One was my cousin got saved many  years later.  Another one was not that many years but it was barely noticed due to life circumstances.
I thank God for letting me see that so that when my faith is weak I remember he heard me before.
In **Daniel 10:12-13** we see an explanation of this, that the enemies of the Lord fight against the messengers of God and try to delay the answers. Keep praying, because the answer is coming, pray without ceasing, because the enemies are trying to discourage you from praying by delaying your answers to weaken your faith.

---------

edit - really? Why downvote my comment? I only mentioned an actual teaching for reasons of continuing in prayer and not to quit. Perhaps actually read that passage in scripture before downvoting.
What I've read here is so amazing! It's very true, you have to believe it in your heart! I pray healing over you, in Jesus's name! But YES, at the same time... His Will be done! 
I'm so impressed to see this kind of wisdom here. Thank you guys for being so supportive! Much love to you all.
Praying is complicated. it seems to me. You have to oray for what god wants and not what you want i think. There is scripture about praying.
 
I was praying for my eye to heal .. it's been bothering me for a year now
I think you got downvoted by a guy who came into this thread to troll. It looks like every comment got downvoted. 
Well my understanding is that if youre Gods reborn child, you actually wouldnt want stuff that is against his will. Just pray and believe and be open for his often very non-expected ways.
OK. Well, we know a couple things about physical healing.

First, we are going to be completely healthy and whole in the New Creation. By this, I also think it's pretty evident that all things being equal, God also desires us to be completely healthy and whole in this present creation. Jesus healed everyone He met that wanted to be healed.

Second, all things are not equal. God often has a purpose in allowing us to continue in difficulty. Paul says he was "given a thorn in the flesh" that he prayed three times to have "removed" and it wasn't, but that God used it to further His own purposes. We don't know what the thorn was; the most common guess I've heard is that Paul had failing eyesight, but it's far from unanimous and far from certainty as the answer. So, it could be that God has a purpose for your eye troubles that you have yet to discover. Make sure you're praying not only for healing, but also for revelation about what God has in store for you and how God will use even this thing to bring greater glory to Himself and greater purpose to your life.

Third, don't neglect physical aids. Go to the doctor, take medication, wear glasses, get surgery, whatever it is that helps. God gave us medical science too, and God often works through those processes.
I have had prayers answered & sometimes in the most amazing, unexpected ways. I know He is always listening. 

I'm sorry about your eye. That's rough. Don't give up on praying for that. It's hard to say why the Lord doesn't always answer the way we'd like Him to.

Sometimes it seems like there's a key to unlocking certain prayers. Not in the way of usurping God's sovereignty, but moreso in regards to learning something, changing your perspective, or otherwise fulfilling the purpose of a circumstance before the prayer will be answered. The tricky thing about that is we rarely know what the purpose is straight away.

I've seen miraculous healing through prayer & the person who prays usually has incredibly strong faith. 

Work with God on trust. Talk to Him about it all. Ask Him to lead you in your prayers. Resist growing frustrated or getting discouraged & keep building your faith. He's hearing you.
Satan does not want us to have this fellowship! In Jesus's powerful name, I declare this subreddit is FREE FROM the enemy! He is NOT allowed here!
> if youre Gods reborn child, you actually wouldnt want stuff that is against his will

That's kind of like saying that a real Christian never sins. I don't know any real Christians, if that's the criteria. Even Paul talks about wanting stuff he knows he shouldn't and doing things he doesn't want to do.
can god have influence on something caused by another person's actions ? 
I couldn't have said it better myself! :)
And yes - I pray that your eye has healing, and I ask it in the mighty name of Jesus. 
I don't think that's how it works, but I do hope I'm wrong.
As in, can God heal an injury that was inflicted on you by someone else? I don't see why not.

If your question was more "can God do something good with something evil caused by another person", then the answer is still yes, and I would argue that most of God's actions fall into this category.

I have heard it said that Protestant Christianity is actually the closest religion to atheism in the world, because of it's deeply rational considerations and strong demythologizing aspects. As a result it isn't surprising that atheism and Protestantism have been in major conflict (siblings often are), but Dawkins is also right that it's probably the religion he would most like to see flourish in the world.
"Top Atheist"?

How'd he claim that title?

Does that mean there's also a "Top Christian" and "Top Muslim"?

I wonder who they are.

I didn't read the article, but it says a lot about a publication when their headline is so blatantly false. I would be surprised if that website has any credibility.
Well, it's not reasonable to paint all protestants with that brush. Actually,  a large number of protestant groups. What decisively separates protestantism as whole from all others is relying on scripture alone and really the disdain for Catholic traditions. Relying on scripture alone can often times throw out your own leanings and understandings! Philosophy should be viewed as destructive to sola scriptura! Also, the demythologizing is pretty broad too. Depending on what you consider mythological. You have plenty protestants that agree with the flood, exodus, and creation.!

But ultimately, if protestantism is to truly flourish it would actually be some horrendous perversion/counterfeit of Christianity/protestantism .  If the world can't bend it and warp it then it won't want it!
I don't think it's fair that Christianity can only flourish if it's perverted or corrupted. Christianity has grown all over the world through the centuries, and though there have been many corruptions and perversions, to say that any flourishing has been a result of that is to disregard the power of God. The early church flourished and there was no corruption there.

Importantly, when scholars talk about the "demythologizing" aspects of Christianity, they mean things like "river spirits" and "harvest gods", not creation and the flood. Christianity has one God who is over everything, but by and large Christianity understands the world to function essentially in a secular fashion. 

Sola scriptura is itself a philosophy, so I can't blanket view philosophy as destructive. There are many destructive philosophies and we must be careful, but the discipline and practice of philosophy itself is not the problem. 

I certainly don't mean to paint all Protestants with the same brush, just as I would not paint all Catholics with one brush or all Muslims with the same brush. However it is fair to talk broadly and generally about the trends we see within these groups.
The early church was nearly annihilated rwice and only survived because the pagans adopted it without changing their practices under constantine.

We weren't talking about just " any flourishing" we were discussing the rise of a global protestantism of the future! But even then, Christianity has always been a small group. Among groups that say they are Christian.  Like the catholic church, or mormons! But we know in heaven that someone from every nation and tongue will be there. Christianity has been widespread. True Christianity, however most of the time, is not dense.

We know in the last days many will come to Christ out of sheer fear. The nation of isreal will come to him just before it's too late, and many in the middle east. But the greater force that will own the economy, the governments,  and production of the world will be antichristian. Probably a backwards version of Christianity itself. Worldly, indifferent, and violent towards actual believers.

It really doesn't understnad the world as secularists do . It runs completely counter to it.

It really isn't philosophy. It's the way to sytematically understand the Bible , using the Bible,  which is  taught in the Bible. It's like a manual telling you to read another part of the manual. Philosophy is mentioned a single time in the Bible.  It talks negatively of it.
When scholars like Richard Dawkins talk about demythologizing Christianity, they most certainly mean creation and the flood, virgin birth and the resurrection. You must know that. Six posters give thumbs up to Richard Dawkins but my Trump thread is at zero. I'm not lamenting this because I want upvotes, I'm just beginning to realize I have nothing in common with you guys. You probably all voted for Hillary because she's a real Christian, and Planned Parenthood killing and mutilating fetuses is God's will in gospel according to reddit.

Not saying this angrily, just saying.
For what it's worth, I haven't upvoted either of these threads, and as a Canadian I had no say in the American election. I haven't found this forum to be very left-leaning, but I have found it to be against celebrating Trump. The lesser of two evils is still evil.

Again, "the demythologizing effects of Christianity" and "demythologizing Christianity" are not the same thing. I wasn't referencing Dawkins, I was referencing general scholarship. Certainly Dawkins would like to see the supernatural elements of Christianity removed, I agree with you, though I'm not sure how much of a "bulwark" a naturalized Christianity would provide against his perceived threat of Islam.
In France, Italy and England there are a lot of dry, "demythologized" former anglican and catholic churches emptying for nobody attending their services, and being sold for mosques. I'm sure having Richard Dawkins as quest speaker will fix that situation (sarcasm).
You seem to be arguing for something that I've already agreed to. Do you also see my point, and how it's different than what you're talking about?
About Trump, or river gods? The latter seems like a strawman argument, I don't see anyone defending them. I see that you are acting diplomatic but there's a fine line, imagining someone (in defense of Dawkins) is on the same page as you because there generally are some scholars who are not throwing the baby with the bath water? It's safe to say if atheists had their say, these scholars would be silenced. I don't think we should act like some miracle is about to happen when they worm their way inside the church. That the bar is so low that this is now celebrated is just sad.

And Trump, no I don't see him as evil at all. I've said worse things than him, probably on this reddit among other places, so maybe I'm not so holy myself to think he's so bad. He's had to endure so much lies, re-tweeting a silly image from his professional wrestling gig and other things is pale in comparison to what CNN and others are doing to him. And, he's never called someone deplorable, or irredeemable, like Hillary said of half of America. He uses words such as dumb and silly and crooked, I'd rather have school children imitate his language than the venom the media spews.

“CHRISTIAN INSPIRED GIFTS” is a small family owned business that designs Christian ceramic mugs to inspire and motivate your every day life by simply declaring the blessings of God over your life.
 
This coffee cup is inscribed with the passage; "Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved” - Acts Chapter 16 verse 31, and makes a GREAT RELIGIOUS GIFT.

Every product we sell has a well-chosen Scripture incorporated into the design that helps you remember GOD and his amazing grace. 
New landlord is kicking everyone out to remodel. Have 60 days to move. Family and I have been here 10 years. Money was tight to start and this is giving me minor panic attacks and high blood pressure. My wife keeps reminding me to pay and that He has always taken care of us. 

Please pray for my family to land where we need to be and that everything goes to His plan.

Thank you!
On it. All the best and God bless. 
I pray that the Lord, our King, blesses you and shows you through all of this, that he will never leave you or forsake you! He has got it! Pray and pray hard on your knees! He will deliver you from these temporary issues! Do not live in fear! It is commanded of us! 

Pm me if there is anything I can do to help.

God bless you!
Bless you as well
2 days ago i was told that my youth pastor took his own life after only seeing him on that friday at youth and he was so happy and cheerful. Im a youth leader and i grew up with him as like a big brother and he was like my boyfriends second father we were so close and loved him so much. He made a great impact on perth and changed so many lives and i cant believe this has happened

My boyfriend and i wanted him to marry us and now we dont even know what to do he was the only person i wanted there i wouldnt mind only having him and no one else.
I miss him and its so tragic but seeing the amount of lives he changed and all of them coming together everyday to the chuch to help eachother.
I only wish he could have been at my wedding and married us.

I will see you in heaven
May God comfort you in your afflictions, friend. I'm so sorry for your loss. 

This is kind of a weird verse. What does "peacemakers who sow in peace" mean? My best guess is that the English is kind of redundant; it's saying that those who make peace harvest righteousness. I took a quick look at the Greek:

καρπὸς ⸀δὲ δικαιοσύνης ἐν εἰρήνῃ σπείρεται τοῖς ποιοῦσιν εἰρήνην.

Literally:

But/now fruit of righteousness in peace he is sown the peace.

This image is using the NIV translation. 

RSV puts it: And the harvest of righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace

NASB: And the seed whose fruit is righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace.

NKJV: Now the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace.

Yeah. I'm not really getting what this is trying to say. Looking at the context doesn't seem to be making sense of it either. Bible study team, spring into action!
I actually read it italian then looked for an official english version to use for the design, instead of translating it on my own. 
The italian version reads as follows:

"Le persone che creano la pace attorno a sé sono come seminatori che raccolgono nella pace il loro frutto: una vita giusta."
https://www.bible.com/bible/1197/JAS.3.18

When translated it means: "Those who create peace around them, are like sowers who harvest in peace their fruit: a righteous life."

Is it clearer this way? If not lets break it down further.
So to make a very long story short I have just left the Mormon Cult. But now I'm finding trouble believing in Jesus because he was part of the Mormon twaching and indoctrination. I really want to hold on to my faith of Jesus Christ. Can anyone help or give me recommendations on what to do. 



forget everything you learned previously. read just the new testament. stay away from those creepy Mormon bibles. try to have an open mind and realize that Jesus isn't a bad dude, and he's not related to the ridiculous stuff that Mormons are involved with. 
My suggestion is to find a church with a good small group program and find a group you can be a part of. It helps to be able to share your experience with others.

I've found this tool helpful in finding good churches, but it depends on where you live:
https://www.arcchurches.com/about/find-a-church
Keep your trust in the Lord! "Entrust the battle to the Lord, for the battle is the Lord's"

"The Lord is a man of war" 

"Trust in the Lord at all times"

"The Lord delights in those trust in Him and who hope in His steadfast love"
>Can anyone help or give me recommendations on what to do. 

Go to a church.
Ya I really am trying to forget all that. Its very hard since its been ingrained in me for so long. 
Read the new testament first, do not ignore the old testament, there is valuable info and insight there, messages from the lord, who would suggest not reading the book of psalms, job, or Samuel?
ARC churches! They're good people.
How long ago did you leave Mormonism?

If I asked you to listen to a sermon would you?
I worded this incorrectly. the old testament is definitely just as important, but when trying to see the truth of Jesus, the new testament is obviously where you have to start. 
6 months ago but its harder then a lot of people imagine. 
I'm going to give you a sermon to listen to, it's not a Mormon sermon, take a listen, and let's talk about it,i have a feeling it'll hit a lot of things relevant to you specifically. 

https://youtu.be/jj2bm5-PMAI
Yo that sermon for sure hit some things I'm feeling right now 
Same with me man. I recently left a church, within this year, I had no assurance I was saved, and I couldn't find assurance where I was at. The Jesus Mormons believe in is not Jesus at all, i understand completely why you would lose faith in their Jesus, I'd actually recommend losing faith in their Jesus!

That sermon was by Rod Rosenbladt, he's on a podcast with a couple other awesome guys, it's called "The Thinking Fellows", great stuff, go to the beginning, listen to their casts on gospel and grace and faith, all that good stuff. If you have any questions, shoot em to me. 


Hey everyone some quick history. I was raised in a Christian family my whole life and went to church every Sunday up until I was 8. At 8 I found out my sister who was 9 at the time was diagnose with a genetic terminal disease called Battens and she was given 6-15 years to live, while that's a good chunk of time to be terminal it went fast. She passed when I was 14 and she was 16. My family watched her go from a young girl who loved being outside to going blind, being wheelchair bound, losing fine motor control, and hallucinating that dark figures were coming to take here away. We never told her for obvious reasons but that weighs heavily on me. I'm 20 now in the Army, deployed, and since then I've completely stopped going to church and believing. I want to, but I can imagine a world where someone would allow something like that to happen. If anything I want to believe just so I know she has something better than what this life gave her. Do you guys have anything similar or know any way to try to boost me back into it? I appreciate any help.
What you're describing is known as the Problem of Evil, and there are really two parts to it: the emotional problem of evil, and the intellectual problem of evil.

To the emotional part, my answer is: I am so sorry. What happened to your sister is truly tragic and I don't wish it on anyone. If hugs could transcend screens, I'd offer you one.

The intellectual problem of evil is both easier and more difficult to talk about. The intellectual problem of evil has answers, and they're good answers, but they don't do anything to solve the "yeah but it fricken hurts!" part of the emotional problem of evil. If you'd like to get into this more deeply I'm happy to do that, as I'm sure others here are, and there are many resources on the web where Christians have talked about this, but in short I will answer that God desires good things for us, not evil, and has promised to solve all this evil out of the world. That solving will have some very dramatic consequences, though, and before God can do that He has some other business to take care of. God is doing everything He can to reduce the amount of evil in the world, and there will come a time when God solves it completely.

On the other hand, the fact that you're able to recognize what a great injustice has happened to your sister is a terrific support for the Moral argument for God's existence. If there is no God, then there's no such thing as just or unjust, and what happened to your sister is just another event in the cosmic chain of accidents. But, we all experience this sad event as unjust. We know it in our bones, in our souls, in the deepest part of ourselves. Unless we've *a priori* dismissed the possibility of God (which would be arguing in a circle), there doesn't exist any good reason to think that our ability to understand the morality of a situation isn't real. So if evil and injustice actually exist, and they can't exist if God isn't real and providing a framework for right and wrong, then it stands to reason that God must exist.
Look man - first off, I'm terribly sorry about your sister. Your family must be so strong to carry on after that. I would not wish that on my worst enemy. I have to admit, I stumbled in this subreddit because I was curious about what Christians were up to on here. I am an atheist. Not a church-hating, religious- bashing atheist, just a dude who was skeptical as a child to the point where I decided to not follow that belief system. My advice is probably not what you were seeking, but here's what I got for you -

You don't need religion. You can still be a moral, happy person without believing in something that, quite frankly, is a far stretch in terms of "where did we come from?" Your sister lived a very short life, unfortunately. But what I will say is this - she peacefully lives in you and everyone else she impacted during her time with us. She is no longer suffering and that's a beautiful thing to think about. Her legacy / kindness / smile is no longer physical - but in you. She has taught you things, either with purpose or not, that you will teach others and maybe your kids one day. That's how she lives on. She doesn't need to be in heaven for you to be at peace - she's already blissfully existing in your consciousness.

I apologize if I offended anybody reading this as I know I'm a bit out of place here. I mean no harm and just felt the need to let this individual know that it's okay to be different.

One love.
Go talk to your Chaplain and try finding answers with him. I was a RP in the Navy, and Chaplains love discussing with conflicted service members.
At the risk of sounding cliche', I will state the obvious; we were born into a fallen world; a world filled with: war, sin, pain, death, and injustice. That's precisely what God wants to save us from. Some day, he will return bringing with him: peace, justice, eternal life, and freedom from sin. But until that day, here we are. When we cry, God cries with us.

There are a lot of theological responses to the problem of evil, google the term "theodicy" if you want to read up more on this, but ultimately none of those matter that much. What matters is that you understand that God cried with you and still does; he cares about you and your family, and regardless of the reason this happened, God will make it right in the end.
Sorry about your sister. 
I don't actually have anything better to say than what has already been said in the comments.  I'm just felt like I needed to comment sorry for you loss.
I have also struggled with your question of why bad things happen to good people. I wish I had a clear answer.

When you mentioned your family remembering the good times I thought of these verses. You were living them:



1 Corinthians 13:8-14

8 Love never ends. As for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away. 9 For we know in part and we prophesy in part, 10 but when the perfect comes, the partial will pass away. 11 When I was a child, I spoke like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I gave up childish ways. 12 For now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I have been fully known.

13 So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love.
My belief is that if God exists it is a non degenerative entity. Meaning, it can only maintain a state of existence whose energy is infinitely composed and orderly to the point of stagnation. Meaning, God can only exist in a state that is so perfectly uniform in structure and energy, that it is non distinguishable. It is an entity that, could you grasp its form, it would not be God. 

Now, let's say that this God breaks apart from itself, some energy. Let's then say that energy is considered creation--or the big bang. From the moment that singular departure of finite energy breaks off from the source, it becomes degenerative. The moment the universe came into being, it began to die cosmically. Even while the elements were cooling and individualizing, their life clock began and then started to tick away.

Fast forward billions of years, along with the evolution of the universe and earth and life on it. The moment the first biological cell was formed, it too like the celestial bodies, began to die. Then, also every life that was birthed after it was conceived to inevitably die. 

To some extant, every thing and every person is formed and also degenerates. Some are more predisposed to withstand this degeneration and others succumb to invariable failure sooner. However, it is my belief that this God knew that the part of itself that was broken off to become a finite existence would be thus so. It wasn't disillusioned. It wasn't unprepared to answer creation's cry. 

It is my belief that if the Bible holds true, and there is a heaven at the other end of biological life experience, then it is infinite. It is infinite like the state of the God that created it. It does not perish and there is order that draws from an infinite source of energy. And, there, exists every finite creature that has ever lived and died with his/her soul committed to the idea of that truth. And, in that, the painful existence that was experienced in the biological realm of life and death will have felt like a very real and very important fraction of eternity. 
You were strong in the faith and God decided to truly put you through the test of faith or what I like to call, the test of job.

I want you to do me a favor go and read the first chapters of the book of job, how job, one of God's most faithful, was put to the test, because the angels came to see god, and the devil was with them, God says, where did you come from? The devil replies, oh well I've been to and fro on the earth, and god says well did you see job, one of the most godly men wouldnt you agree (paraphrasing), he truly fears me.

Then the devil said, no, he fears you because you give him stuff. Let me have a day with job and you shall see how faithfull he truly is, flesh for flesh, a man will give all he has. Then God agreed to put him to the test,  and the devil went and tormented job, this included killing jobs children in a storm, but God says I test you but I never test you at a point I know you can't handle.

Just read job, it was written for your situation, the devil and his demons probably tormented your sister, and God simply allowed it to happen to test your faith, and possibly hers and your families too.

 you failed by falling away, but you can always rise back up for he is the God of mercy, peace, and comfort. Trust in him
I'd absolutely love to hear more, thank you so much for this response
This is basically how I've been. Not really believing anything but still keeping my morals and ethics. I think it's just something I'm gonna have to weigh on for a while and I appreciate the response
I'll give it a shot, the couple times I've seen him he's been very approachable 
Thank you I appreciate this, I'll definitely read into it
I appreciate it, it's been rough on the whole family but sometimes we'll get to talking about all the good memories we have and we're just happy to have had her for the time we did
I'll read it, it's just hard for me to see why
Because only by a man's will can he be saved, I'm not one of these "christians" who try to help you by themselves. If you want help to god, you need to read his word, I gave you the book that fits your situation, if you don't see why you should read it, then why are you on a Christian sub reddit?

No man can help you, I just explained, or rather, God explains in job, everything you discussed, and answers your questions, that is why you should read it.
I didn't mean to come off like that, I'm going to read it, I'm just still struggling. I appreciate the help
Or if you mean by why he'd take your sister, a test of faith nothing more, this test of faith seems to involve the devil, god wouldnt just do all of that to your sister unless she did something really bad, he allowed t he devil to cause chaos and he did, your faith should grow stronger brother, if someone close to me died, I'd pray they make it to heaven, I wouldn't just stop praying and move on with my life, I'd even think it's what your sister would want you to do, not to get further away from God cause of it, that's what the devil wants. All good things work out in the end to those who KEEP the faith.

Not just have it, but keep it, even in troubling times says the lord.
Also, use references, many Christians have gone through what you've gone through and they made it.
Since I have learned that saying the Lords name in vain is a serious sin. Everytime I even think it, I have to turn off the TV and start praying. This is time consuming and is it really necessary 
I would say that is pretty extreme but I think that if anything you are making them proud of your dedication and ability to recognize sin. You should instead focus on breaking the habit. Praying and asking for forgiveness obviously is a must but turning off the television and dropping to your knees normally I would say isn't  practical.

However, if you find spending time like this to be a good lesson to yourself to help nail it in then sure go ahead. You're not hurting anyone and simply growing as a Christian.
If it helps make you pray more often, swearing more often might actually benefit your spiritual life.
God isn't God's name. Also, saying god dammit (at least to me) never really seemed like swearing. Is it any different then saying 'God bless it' to something that pleases you? 

Related question, do you do this for every sin you commit? Humans are sinful being so you'd have to be on your knees all day! I feel like taking time at the end of the day to contemplate what you've done that day, your strengths and weaknesses, your failures and successes, and discuss it with God through prayer is a much better way to handle sin. 
It's no more a sin than anything else that causes a person to stumble. Instead of beating yourself up over it, and doing some prayer ritual, ask God to help you with it, repentance is something that we all need to do daily.
Would you say you are a born again Christian?

It's an easy snare to become 'legalistic' about your actions, because we are so conditioned to put in effort to fix a problem. 'Work hard' is the mantra of life, put in your best effort. And that works in life, but is it the best way to serve the Lord? I actually think sometimes no. 

I do believe we have our part to play. We have free choice and must draw near to God in order for him to draw near to us. We have to make the decision to repent, we have to make the first move. However I also believe that God is the force that helps you repent, and ignites the desire to draw near to him in the first place. 

Simple answer - you're trying to do the right thing for the wrong reason. Get into the Word, it really is God in printed form - twice a day, get your fill every day. Then watch the desire to sin drop away. Am not saying you'll never be tempted again. But essentially we are all stuffed, all our hearts are full of rubbish and sin, and without Christ we are stuffed. But the power of God, in your heart, is the only power mighty enough to fix you. You can't fix yourself

So the only thing you have to do is get near God every day 

And make all reasonable effort to stay near him
Don't have a variety of crops on the same field. (Leviticus 19:19)

Don't wear clothes made of more than one fabric (Leviticus 19:19)

Don't cut your hair nor shave. (Leviticus 19:27)

Any person who curseth his mother or father, must be killed. (Leviticus 20:9)

If a man has sex with a woman on her period, they are both to be "cut off from their people" (Leviticus 20:18)

People who have flat noses, or is blind or lame, cannot go to an altar of God (Leviticus 21:17-18)

Eating a cheeseburger or anything that mixes meat and dairy (Exodus 23:19).

Eating leavened bread (bread with yeast) during the Feast of Unleavened Bread (Exodus 12:15)

Eating fat (Leviticus 3:17)

Eating pork (Leviticus 11:7–8).

Eating aquatic creatures lacking fins or scales (Deuteronomy 14:9–10).

There are a lot of Laws of things that are sin that you do every day... if you tried to pray every time you would never do anything else.

Paul teaches in 1 Corinthians 8 how we are freed from certain laws that used to rule us but that our weak conscience can put us back under the law.

“But not everyone possesses this knowledge. Some people are still so accustomed to idols that when they eat sacrificial food they think of it as having been sacrificed to a god, and since their conscience is weak, it is defiled.”
‭‭1 Corinthians‬ ‭8:7‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/1co.8.7.niv

All this to say follow your conscience.. don't try to be perfect and don't try to follow every law.. so try not to sin but if you say something (or think something) that you shouldn't t and if bothers your spirit then pray about it. But if not then don't.. just don't disrespect God on purpose and don't let other people push a feeling of obligation on you unless you personally feel convinced...

Just man's opinion.. take it off leave it
So might adultry,fornication and stealing. Come on man.
>God isn't God's name.

What do you mean by this?
http://adam4d.com/religion-vs-gospel/
Just pointing out the irony, that without him swearing, they most certainly would pray less.
God is just his title. While we don't have the exact pronunciation of his name it is commonly written as either Jehovah or Yahweh in English. That is God's true name and the one he told Moses to call him. 
Are there any God believing scientists here?
I don't have a masters or a PhD but I am a chemist and I do believe in God.
I'm just curious about science vs the bible as far as beliefs. I am a chemical engineer and believe in the bible as fact, God, and His Son. I have personally worked with carbon and see the multitude of flaws with carbon dating in science. I believe science only proves God's existence as I was once an anti theist out to use science to prove God's nonexistence. I do not have a certain "sect" (denomination) I follow and my beliefs tend to differ from the majority. I was interested in others (in scientific careers) beliefs. 
I am bio major and I'm a Christian. It's been hard keeping my faith after learning about the various branches of sciences but I realized that God allowed us to discover all these wonderful advances in science. A lot of it is faith. I find it interesting how the majority of scientists reject God because they can't find an explanation for his work. However they have faith in various things as well. They're not a 100% sure about the Big Bang happening and they can't prove it 100%,  they speculate it occurred because many signs point to its occurrence. Same with string theory. Many people accept it even though they lack the technology to see the strings but their math points to its existence. 
I'm not really a "scientist" but scientifically inclined and I've studied a fair amount of it.  However, I reject that nearly the entire "Old Testament" is or ever was the word of God and pretty much only rely on the writings attributed to God-King Solomon and God-King Jesus as in any way authoritative sources.

e.g. This passage about King Solomon seems very suspect...

*When your days are fulfilled and you lie down with your ancestors, I will raise up your offspring after you, who shall come forth from your body, and I will establish his kingdom. He shall build a house for my name, and I will establish the throne of his kingdom forever.* ***[I will be a father to him, and he shall be a son to me.](http://biblehub.com/john/19-7.htm) When he commits iniquity, I will punish him with a rod such as mortals use, with blows inflicted by human beings.*** *But I will not take my steadfast love from him, as I took it from Saul, whom I put away from before you.* - 1 Samuel 7:12-15

Who among Israel could have raised a hand "in punishment" against the King?  Furthermore, I am skeptical the author of Proverbs, assuming this person was a King of Israel named Solomon, would have "heard the voice of God" as the author of Kings suggests.  Much of Proverbs is Egyptian theology and some is suspected [copied from Egyptian theology.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instruction_of_Amenemope)

I have "seen God" and it's in the [way a pagan](http://imgur.com/a/rhn0J) would expect [God to be seen](http://imgur.com/a/DXyf7) - through multiple natural phenomena converging "coincidentally" on oneself as a nexus - I have not heard any voices or spoken to any superhuman entities.

In other words, I'm a pagan/animist who accepts the writings attributed to a God-King named Solomon as well as the teachings of God-King Jesus.  I do not accept nearly anything else from Jewish sources as authoritative and regard some of it as deliberate parody/blasphemy of paganism and other of it as the writings of fools.

So, yes, I believe in God, no I don't believe in most of the Bible - particularly the "hocus pocus" attributed to God which I believe is an affront to God - excepting where it is included in the gospels as a kind of "white lie" (if you believe Elijah raised someone from the dead and this justifies mass murder, then surely you must believe Jesus raised someone from the dead and this justifies loving thy neighbor).


Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r607ww5?feature=playlist&nline=1)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Roulette Dares (The Haunt Of)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7Z99cGSfzs)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/607ww5/_/df4ghyk?context=10#df4ghyk) - No, Jesus is a literal Divine King.  He wouldn't be subject to Mosaic law even if Mosaic law weren't a fraud.
(1) [Fallout New Vegas: The Lottery](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS6J9fdL730) (2) [Fallout New Vegas: Nipton Town Murders](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLET3qjNL8k)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/607ww5/_/df4h9nh?context=10#df4h9nh) - He's not an earthly king and states that Himself in the new testament.   No, he says if his Kingdom were of this world his followers would fight for him.  Pilate seems to agree with Jesus that Jesus has earthly authority.
[The Postal Service - Natural Anthem](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69jvJwLhkFE)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/607ww5/_/df4hzjc?context=10#df4hzjc) - the old covenant and bring in the new one foretold about by the old testament prophets.   The "old covenant" never existed except in the "gain the whole world and forfeit your soul" sense.  Theology isn't for weak minded people - I suggest you think ...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r607ww5?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Yes. I am a physicist (mainly) with a doctorate in archaeometry - i.e. application of science to problems of archaeology, particularly dating artifacts and archaeological remains.
The belief that scientific facts contradict religious truth is held by pretty much just a radicalized minority of Christians. Them and people who just haven't really had access to proper education.
Do you ever feel they contradict each other? If so, how do you deal with that?
I will be a father for him, and he will be a son for me. If he does something wrong, I will punish him with a rod and blows, just as everyone gets punished;
Sh'mu'el Bet (2 Sa) 7:14 CJB
http://bible.com/1275/2sa.7.14.CJB

The context of what you're referring to is Yeshua (Jesus) and His Kingdom being the believers in Him and God. Not a literal king. He's foretelling of His coming, His crucifixion, and the salvation He is bringing to those who believe in Him and obey Him.
Also, if you start to hear voices please see someone. God no longer communicates this way - only through His Word. This is why so many who "hear God speak to them" end up killing people. Even in the old testament it wasn't described as a voice in their head. They tell of those who heard voices back then and it was never God who was speaking. Usually when God spoke everyone heard it they just couldn't comprehend it (as it sounded like shofars, thunder, etc.). Or they got scared and passed out, ran away, etc.
Cough cough heretic cough cough.

Nothing to do with this thread, do you do stuff like carbon dating?  Just thought this occupation sounded really
interesting.
What god do you believe in?
I haven't felt like they contradict each other yet. I see science trying to explain the physical while my relationship with Christ explains the meta-physical. I feel as science tries to explain physical interactions while Christ explains moral interactions.
No, Jesus [is a literal Divine King.](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark+15%3A9-10)  He wouldn't be subject to Mosaic law even [if Mosaic law weren't a fraud.](http://imgur.com/a/Yg31C)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7Z99cGSfzs
"Also, if you start to hear voices please see someone. God no longer communicates this way - only through his Word. Why so many "who hear God speak to them" end up killing people. Even in the old testament it wasn't described as a voice in their head. They tell of those who heard voices back then and it was never God who was speaking."


Firstly, when the majority of people hear voices in their heads, it is their thoughts. Not everybody's thoughts transmit to text in their mind. So hearing voices is not in itself a bad thing.


Secondly, didn't God speak to Samuel? https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1%20Samuel%203 Throughout Samuel and Chronicles, Samuel hears from God and Gad hears from God. If the voice of God was incomprehensible, then Adam and Eve never heard it, much less the one who anointed David's head.


Third: To say that people hearing voices automatically results in them ending up killing people is a flawed assumption. It is their flesh, their sinful side, speaking to them, or a demonic spirit. What your viewpoint seems to do is essentially take away the spiritual, the relationship, and the power of God from the subject.
That was my next question. How they feel about carbon dating vs the bible.
Carbon dating falls under the same subject - so for instance my lab (Oxford RLAHA) was one of three that dated the Turin shroud. However my field was luminescence dating (thermoluminescence, optically stimulated luminescence, optically stimulated phosphorescence). Those work best on pottery, flint, and wind-borne sediment. For the mineral types I used, they went back about 20k years.

Since, in common with almost all Christians in my country, I don't take the creation narrative in Genesis literally, I don't have any religious problems with archaeometry. If you want a purely religious answer - I feel that a six day creation narrative of one planet set a few thousand years ago makes God far too small. God is great.
Also, what denomination do you find yourself falling under and do you read the bible? Do you find it flawed or factual? 
What denomination do you find yourself falling under? Also, how often do you read your bible and do you find it to be fact or flawed? I'm genuinely curious - nothing more.
He's not an earthly king and states that Himself in the new testament. Also, He's subject to mosaic law as He hasn't died and risen yet to relinquish the old covenant and bring in the new one foretold about by the old testament prophets.
You have the coolest job. 
I am a lay preacher in a small main-stream UK denomination called the United Reformed Church.  That is not particularly important, as in common with most Protestant denominations in Europe, since the 1960's we have had an ecumenical relationship with the other denominations which allows us to share communion and often preachers. My own denomination was founded by the union of the Presbyterian Church of England, most of the Congregational churches of England and Wales, most of the Reformed Churches of Christ in England, and latterly most of the Congregational churches in Scotland. We believe that there is one church under Christ, and attempt to act accordingly - hence thinking about a denomination can be unhelpful.

Yes, I study the Bible. As far as possible, I try to understand why parts were written, how it was assembled,  and if any errors were introduced. It is too important to treat casually by reading it superficially, overly literally, and without study. To give an idea of what I mean, have a look at something like the [NET Bible](https://lumina.bible.org/) and have a look at the footnotes to see the work they put in to understanding textual variants.

One caveat I would give though is that some Biblical scholarship presents speculation as known fact. For this reason I would advise against trusting /r/AcademicBiblical too much - it is not that I disapprove of what they try to do, but that I find the standard of scholarship of some of the major participants to be very poor and agenda-driven.
I guess non-denominational if I have to pick one. I see it not as a religion but as a relationship. I think religion tends to divide us instead of bringing everyone together. Everyday and I find it as fact.
> Also, He's subject to mosaic law as He hasn't died and risen yet to relinquish the old covenant and bring in the new one foretold about by the old testament prophets.

No, that law never applied to anyone least of all Divine Kings because [it's a fraud like Jesus says.](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John+8%3A41-45)
> He's not an earthly king and states that Himself in the new testament.

No, he says [if his Kingdom were of this world](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS6J9fdL730) his followers would fight for him.  Pilate seems to agree with Jesus that [Jesus has earthly authority.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLET3qjNL8k)
>  the old covenant and bring in the new one foretold about by the old testament prophets.

The "old covenant" never existed except in the "gain the whole world and forfeit your soul" sense.  Theology isn't for weak minded people - I suggest you think carefully before you run around saying [***gods***](http://imgur.com/a/FXFyR) want you to [kill people for them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69jvJwLhkFE) - other than a Divine King who is a lawful Earthly authority and god - like Pharaoh and, presumably, King Solomon whom they complain about in the Bible introducing real theology to Judeans.
That was a while back. These days I oversee commercial R&D projects  for the government - anything from new types of childrens' shoes to [homomorphic encryption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homomorphic_encryption). There's some weird and wonderful stuff, and a lot of it is so new that I wouldn't hear about it for ten years or so if I were not working in the role. I also help small startup companies to find investors and set up their business plans - anything from waste in to fuel green companies to steam railways.
How do you personally feel about/deal with science being used as a way to prove God's nonexistence? Carbon dating as an example
Do you believe in creationism or full scale (monkey style) evolution?
It applied as the mediator before the new covenant to show what sin was. It was not a means of salvation but it was a show of loyalty. Even before mosaic law the trust/faith/act of obedience was what saved you. Mosaic law was put in to show sin and be a mediator - He also explains this while on earth.
When He was asked if He was the king of Jews He said those are your words and not mine. He's asked this more than once and never says yes.
I've never place stated a deity told me to kill people. I said that's what happens when people start listening to voices in their heads. I also don't believe ANY murder is justified as that's what the new testament teaches. 
Man another cool job haha. I just analyze dirt and waste water. Anyway I apologize for throwing this thread off the rails. 
I personally don't deal with science trying to disprove God. Science can't explained the moral argument. Also with evolution you can't say that man has any intrinsic value without someone creating humans. If we were all some goo that evolved into humans than humans have no intrinsic value and therefore absolutely morality isn't true. But stating there is no absolute morality is a self defeating statement. 
> I've never place stated a deity told me to kill people.

That's what you're saying when you say Moses is the word of God.  It never was.  The gospels are a trojan - [divine punishment against sophists who think they know who God is because they read a terrorist manual.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ijXIJRMhKE)  They're also a way out for your standard sheep who have no interest in murdering people.

> Mosaic law was put in to show sin and be a mediator

Mosaic law is sin - it demands mass murder, dismemberment, permits rape, and demands vandalism.  The Trinity is unholy.  Jesus clearly says "Before Abraham was I Am."

> When He was asked if He was the king of Jews He said those are your words and not mine. 

Jesus claims he is God - therefore he is certainly also the King of the Jews.  The missing puzzle piece is The Imperial Cult - [Rome and Egypt and ancient China and ancient Japan all believed the Emperor/King was also a god in mortal flesh.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_who_have_been_considered_deities#Imperial_cults)  Everyone believed Pharoah could be murdered, everyone believed he would die, nobody believed he would rise on the third day.

Jesus frequently discusses "[The Kingdom/Sovereignty of God](http://imgur.com/a/uTVUI)" - he both [claims to be God and proclaims God is sovereign.](https://youtu.be/hH5y71hOvk0?t=33s)
Point is, [God is real](http://imgur.com/a/Ood94), and [Moses is not](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEN16GHuwvg) and never has been [an agent of God.](https://youtu.be/8FbQoI8P7c4?t=10s)

**"I am [as ancient as Kek himself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh1ntmee84A), the [Prince of Lies](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John+8%3A41-45) is not a slab of meat to be set upon by [insignificant maggots](https://vid.me/hbx0)."**

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm-WI0sBou4

Thanks 
3 is arguably true. Many Christians would say that all humans are forgiven of their sin, but that we are still separated from God because we don't turn to a right relationship. I personally wouldn't make this statement because it's misleading, but there is a certain way in which it could be true.

7 also, is arguably true. There are many instances in Scripture of God granting human desires and requests. I'm not sure I'd use the word "submit", but I'm not sure The Shack uses that word either.

All the rest of it, hoo boy. That's still 11 things that make me go "yeah, that's not right".

"Whoever reads the gospel with a single eye, and sincere intentions, will find, that our blessed Lord took all opportunities of reminding His disciples that His Kingdom was not of this world; that His doctrine was a doctrine of the Cross; and that their professing themselves to be His followers, would call them to a constant state of voluntary suffering and self-denial." 
-George Whitefield

I just saw something on Vice channel that suggested that Jesus Christ may have smoked weed. Who can say for sure. But are there any real serious devout practicing Christians out there who smoke weed as part of their religious practice? I imagine if you are a CHristian and get high you may tend to meditate or pray to God in that intoxicated blissful state. 

Is there any text on this besides :
> "I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it.

Does this mean Christians can smoke weed just as they drink wine and get a little buzz? How about Rastafarian devotees who use marijuana as a sacrament. Does this seem like a reverent and legitimate practice to you personally?   
I believe God is ok with weed as long as you dont put it before him just like anything else. But marijuana is pure and untouched from nature. Not concentrated like heroin and cocaine. As long as you worship and have faith in him, i dont see why not. 
There is a bible verse about staying sober minded, which i think he is saying clear minded, and i think marijuana helps open up your mind to reality.
Intoxicating substances of any sort have no place in the life of a follower of Christ. 

God has called those that bear His name to have a sober and sound mind, walking Godly in all of their conduct. Genesis' account of foods speaks nothing of, or gives permission for us to destroy our bodies in the ways some think to be useful. Sensually indulged individuals can never offer to God the worship He requires of those that honour His name—and are as you rightfully suspect—those most prone to be easily used as Satan's agents of deviancy. 

The deadly poisonous substance Strychnine is extracted from a plant's seed. Should we make use of it in light of its deadly character? In hopes of connecting with God?

Let the Bible be your teacher. Study these passages for your answer to what Christ Himself thought of having a "blissfull" mind, in light of the life He had to lead. Anyone who thinks or teaches contrary, I'm afraid is a counterfeit.

**Context**: He's dying on a cross with nails through His peripherals and a world's sin all on Himself, mentally.

**Matthrew 27:34**    
**Mark 15:23**
[deleted]
There are people who call themselves Christians and smoke marijuana.

There's nothing in the Bible suggesting that Jesus smoked weed.
At most he drank some wine at wedding and feasts.
But God's word is against drunkenness.

So marijuana is also a form of drug-induced drunkenness,
making it sinful and addicting, taking God's place as idol, not even speaking about health damage it produces.

>I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it.

Would you eat poisonous plants then?
I doubt it.

If God gave us plants, it does not mean all should be used for food or smoking.
That is a very deep comment. Thanks for the contribution. I imagine that some won't agree. They may feel it opens you mind for Satan to creep in un-noticed and start you down the road to ruin and eternal damnation !
>I believe God is ok with weed as long as you dont put it before him just like anything else

His son Jesus Christ taught Love God with all your heart, soul and mind.
Weed clouds your mind, so you cannot love Him by it, when using it - thus becoming sinful.

>But marijuana is pure and untouched from nature

No, there are many human-altered types of weed or mixed with other substances.

>  i think marijuana helps open up your mind to reality.

It is an intoxicant, it clouds your mind. You are confused.

Other effects include:

    altered senses (for example, seeing brighter colors)
    altered sense of time
    changes in mood
    impaired body movement
**difficulty with thinking and problem-solving**

**impaired memory**

https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/marijuana
All drugs are you witchcraft!!! The pagans got high so that they could get in touch with demonic spirits. How could you possibly say Jesus would be OK with this? 

Titus 2:6 KJV
Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.

Titus 1:8 KJV
But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, ***sober***, just, ***holy***, temperate;

Titus 2:11-12 KJV
For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men, [12] Teaching us that, ***denying ungodliness and worldly lusts***, we should live **soberly**, righteously, and godly, in this present world;


It is interesting to see the varying understanding of Bible. Is it your feeling that Christians should not drink wine? Or caffeine? What about aspirin or stronger opiates ? Opiates will certainly get one stoned, thus they are abused and over-perscribed.    
> I believe there is a genuine medicinal use for marijuana. As long as its used properly and not overused

I imagine most medication have some abuse potential. Even allergy medicine. But it you look at this thread There are some posts that would take issue with you!

>There are people who call themselves Christians and smoke marijuana.

 .... Sort of condescending. It implies that they are not Christian but the person making comment is? It continues:
>marijuana is also a form of drug-induced drunkenness, making it sinful and addicting, taking God's place as idol

That is a very strong statement! **"taking God's place as idol"**

I imagine the secular values must impact the opinions about this. If THC had been treated like alcohol from the start then it would be simply another intoxicant. What about nicotine ?   

 
Do you find the marijuana debate among Christianity heating up? I mean even in some denominations or same congregation? I am sure since some people smoke it on doctors order there must be good debate about the topic. Everybody takes asprin and vicodin now and then. 

If you know a Christian friend is smoking grass do you try and intervene? It seems like it can be a polarizing subject. Just like some people consider caffeine a drug.  
And for the satan getting in your head thing, that can happen to anyone and he uses our exasterbatted emotions to control us like greed and anger and jealousy. Marijuana when used correctly, make you calm and collected and smile and happy. I believe God gave us this plant for good use!!
Yeah theres really nothing that we can do except completely deny him to go to hell, thats why he died on the cross. When he died on the cross He said,"It is finished!" When he said that, i believe he meant it. 
From Witchfulthinking:

> As Paganism is an alternate culture, we have different experiences and responses to the use of drugs and alcohol. As many on the path are seeking enlightening experiences, drugs are sometimes used to elicit a mind-expanding opportunity. Alcohol was used by Dionysians to commune with their God. Many native and shamanistic cultures use a variety of hallucinogenic drugs in their rituals. They may use peyote, hallucinogenic mushrooms, LSD, marijuana, etc. These drugs stimulate different parts of the brain, exciting cells in the body. If you are interested in how drugs work, check out this interactive flash animation.

If they have a negative and or intoxicating affect on the mind, through which we serve God, then no. They ought not to be ingested, for any reason. People are commonly ignorant, or made so by misadvertising, of the supposed benefits of different products & foodstuffs, while the negative affects are overlooked. Because something is common and popular, many are **forced** to learn the hard way that they destroy lives/families in just as much record numbers.

Sadly, this isn't a feeling. It is a reality.
[deleted]
I find that people can easily justify their sins against God.

Despite many science studies about the harm of marijuana, people still claim that if some doctors prescribe it to a very small minority of patients, it is supposed to be given free to all.

I saw that people on the internet who claimed to smoke weed, were acting rather foolish and air-headed, as if their brains were burned out into immaturity. Not a good impression at all.
I have seen some states of humanity that are certainly hellish although not eternal. Pain and suffering to the degree where on takes their own life or just dies from despair. But I think that humans cause this suffering. There is no outside spiriatual force doing it. I often here people say "i don't believe in God because there is so much suffering in the world" But the fact is most of the suffering and poverty and wars and murder are simply cause by wretched humans. 
Considering Jesus dealt with wine I disagree
It is still mysterious to me how there can be so much disagreement on who gets to go to heaven. You have people who go to university to study theology! You have people how devote a lifetime to study Bible and still they disagree on most important thing: Who get in heaven. How can that be? And how do you know you are right when each group has what it considers absolute proof and perfect understanding. 
I think there are so many opiate overdose in USA. These drugs come from big pharmacy company. But they also are used in ways that truly increase quality of life of people who have horrific pain from diseases. Also CBN is a part of marijuana that brings relief to many young people who suffer seizures. So obviously good drugs can be abused. But if I take a tylenol for a back ache without a doctors permission is that bad? What about smoking weed for same reason ?

I don't know. I don't think people look at the issues clear headed. Too much baggage from law enforcement, the 60's and secular idealism.   
[deleted]
That is true. I guess people make these horrible/selfish decisions because theres a lack of God and standing up for what is right. And i guess you can make the assumption that since theres little God that theyre putting into their life, the devil is 1. Helping them along their way? Or sitting back watching the world burn in laughter. Whatever it is, both are not good.
No he didn't. OINOS which was greek for fermented AND unfermented wine(grape juice) was used in the wedding of Cana. It is impossible for Jesus to have turned water into fermented wine since that requires leaven, which was forbidden.
[deleted]
Peope can also die from weed, as it damages health also.
http://www.newhealthadvisor.com/how-many-people-have-died-from-weed.html

>How about Christians who suffer severe physical ailments

I am against concentrating only on the physical, as Christians are supposed to put the spiritual healing by faith in son of God Jesus Christ first.
Our bodies will die someday, but Jesus can give us eternal life and resurrection.

> Talking to a couple stoned people on the internet who smoked too much, doesn't make you an expert on Marijuana or how much it can help people with disabilities.

There are medical articles which show its harm. I did mention that to support my views.
Nope.  

οἴνῳ (OINOS) is the same greek word used Ephesians 5:18 "Be not drunk with wine..."

[http://biblehub.com/commentaries/ephesians/5-18.htm](http://biblehub.com/commentaries/ephesians/5-18.htm)
> Leave judgement to God, and seek the Lord for yourself

That sounds like the nice idea. But many Christian have the ability to "discern" truth as part of their blessings for being full of the spirit. They can cast out demons and certainly judge if drunkenness or getting stoned is something a Christian should be doing. They speak in tongues and profess hidden realities. I guess they need to judge to do the work of the kingdom.    

Like I said before, it means BOTH fermented and unfermented wine.
[deleted]
Please provide a reference for that assertion.
I feel where you are coming from. But any way you slice this thing you are making your own interpretation of what this Bible means. If it does give you power to cast demons away and you don't use it then it may be said that you don't really understand the significance of the spiritual warfare that is continuous. You may be considered a Christian who does not want to appear fanatic. But what if you are just lacking faith and turning your head away fro the task at hand where Jesus set example for you to follow. 

Casting out demon seems an essential part of most religion. 

My religion if I have any would be always based in absurdism. 
> absurdism is a philosophical school of thought stating that the efforts of humanity to find inherent meaning will ultimately fail (and hence are absurd) because the sheer amount of information as well as the vast realm of the unknown make total certainty impossible.

So whatever I believe I believe that I can't really know for sure. If I say I am a Jew and believe in God I say it with qualification that I can never be 100% certain.

That being said it seems to me that Christianity is based of the battle between Satan and Jesus. Who will you let control your life? If Satan is real and active he is trying to get to you and your friends. If you don't consider him a priority then he has already won a major victory because you are not fighting him. He does as he pleases and you even convince other Christians not to see Satan or acknowledge he may posses other Christian group members. 

So let me ask you as a Christian what do you think about Satan? Do you need to battle him? Can you help others battle the devil? What place does Satan have in your life? 
Nothing else like His presence...
I am making a new background for my computer with a prayer theme. I am looking for single words, such as "Powerful", that would describe prayer. I am turning to the internet for help, as yelling random things is something the internet is good at! Thank you in advance for your help.
Intimate
Purposeful
Effective
Communication
Deep, profound, introspective, heartfelt, passionate, purposeful, mountain moving, yoke breaking
Help
Hello, I have just started a fast since I was watching some testimonies that basically said that they have been praying so long for something, but after praying and fasting was when they received what they were asking for. This got me motivated for fasting seeing as I am on the same conditions. Though is there something wrong to fast for? I have made a list of specific things which I am fasting for but I think some might be consider vain.

Example: I have boils that are leaving marks and I want both the boils and marks to leave my body. Would that be right or is that perceived as vain? I don't see it as vain, but maybe in my heart it is vanity? Since fasting is dying to the flesh and I am trying to heal the flesh

Thank you
In my opinion, that's 100% okay.

If you're comfortable praying about it, then it's okay to fast about it too.
Fasting and prayer go hand in hand, and praying for health, help, and for others is a prime and perfect example of the use of prayer and fasting. Throughout scripture these reasons and more are taught and shown as the purpose of prayer, you are seeking the help of God to help you in these matters. And God definitely smiles upon this and encourages this. 

Romans  8:26-27) Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.
A good principle with prayer and fasting is that you should be so burdened to pray that you don't have time to eat nor do you really feel like eating, you only feel like praying. If you're kneeling there thinking about lunch, its probably not a good time to be fasting anyway, go eat.
100% agree
Ok, thanks I needed to have that clarity in my mind. Anything wrong would be for own pleasure, but I want this as testimony that God provides any need in your heart.
Yes excellent, you think I should be praying in tongues during my fast?
Yea if food is in your mind all the time during a fast then you are failing. I once heard a testimony of a guy which was fasting was just thinking and praying about pizza, pepperoni pizza. Guess what at the end of his fast one of his friends arrived with a pepperoni pizza, exactly the ones he wanted. He said he was stunned lol
Yeah no prob. I'll be praying for you, too. 
No, just as yourself. Otherwise your mind will be elsewhere and not focused specifically on prayer. Claim the blood of Christ upon yourself and your home, and cleanse your home in prayer to chase away any that may try to oppose you in this. 

Prayer is powerful and praying openly and out loud is even more powerful. Scriptures speak often of praying lifting your voice to heaven with your eyes open and looking to God. We should emulate what scripture teaches, and this is what I believe and practice, and I've found it very spiritually satisfying and encouraging.
It might not necessarily be a matter of 'failing', but just that the situation isn't serious enough for fasting. Say if your child is dying in hospital, you probably won't have any problem thinking about pepperoni pizza while you're trying to pray. 
Ok, thanks for the information!
But yeah, in the case of your friend it sounds like the Lord treated him for lunch! "Good try son, at least you put the effort in. I brought you that pizza you were wanting, enjoy it"
Yea you are right. I don't think he ever told the reason for his fasting, but it should have been something he wasn't to serious about I guess.
Glad I could help, God bless :)

Good news in the face of pure evil. Thank you Father for using this terrible situation for good.
Too bad, they'd be better off dead. I hope ISIS kills them. Its a far better fate then becoming a christian.
[removed]
Go away troll.

EDIT:

> That's to funny.

**too**

Seriously, if you're going to go around trying to troll people, at least learn to spell correctly.

The official Jesus Christ page linked to wikipedia is labelled as "fictional character", we need to change this, we need to go to the Jesus Christ page, click edit and then suggest a change to the Category by clicking edit next to it and choosing "Public figure". 

Please tell others about this. Other religious leaders like Buddha and Muhammed are labelled as public figures, so should Jesus be.

I've tried to let some of the popular "Christian" pages about Jesus know but they have literally ignored me and not attempted to tell anyone about it at all. We can't let his name be abused like this.

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jesus-Christ/110332228994909?fref=ts
Which Jesus Christ page?  All of the ones I saw had him listed as a public figure.  I don't think this is a real problem...

Examples:

* https://www.facebook.com/jesuschristthesonofgod
* https://www.facebook.com/We.Believe.Jesus

How do you fix it?  I edited the page and clicked "no" on fictional character and "yes" on public figure.  But now all it says is that my suggestion is pending.

Is it up to the mod of the page to decide whether it should be changed?
German facebook has it as public figure.
You can report to Facebook by going to the page, clicking on the "About" tab and at the bottom is an option to Report A Problem. You can actually type out what your issue is with the page specifically.
If it makes you feel any better, Zeus and Thor are referred as fictional characters too.

And while I don't know about Buddha, the evidence for the historical existance of Muhammed is unfortunately ROCK solid.  He was almost assuredly a real person.  That can't be said for Jesus (again I don't know enough about Buddha to say yes or no) or heck even Socrates.
The most popular one that they have allowed to link to the wikipedia page (therefore treating it as the official one), with 12 million likes.

And the rediculous thing is, all the others keep being integrated into that page, even the ones calling him a public figure.

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jesus-Christ/110332228994909?fref=ts
You did it right, but I've been working on the presumption that if enough of us suggest a change it will change. I'm guessing that a bunch of trolls suggested the change to fictional character and now we just need more believers to suggest for it to change back.
Christ was a proven historical figure. Someone should take the time to send a message to Facebook staff and make the argument that no where - in any history book is it ever inferred that Christ Jesus was not a historical figure.

Nearly every historian and even most atheists will admit that he was a real person. The argument on whether he was/is the son of God or not, is debatable. Even if we believers know the truth.
You are overstating your case. Christ is far from a "proven" historical figure, even if you are correct that the majority of historians believe he was historical (though it is worth noting that the majority of historians in this field entered it for explicitly religious reasons).

As an atheist, I'm not certain whether he was a real historical figure or not, and as a non-historian, it's not really my place to make these arguments but simply to read through the arguments being made by the various historians and use my best judgement to decide between them. But there are very compelling arguments for him being mythological.

If you are interested in broadening your perspective on this topic, you might just start at the wikipedia page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christ_myth_theory while not necessarily the place with the best information, as usual, the citations section will get you started on an exploration.

And for further reading check out Dr. Richard Carrier's book "On the Historicity of Jesus." There are others out there.

I also found it helpful to read through "The Case for Christ" and then the rebuttal "The Case Against the Case for Christ." Or reverse the order, or read them side by side. Whatever.

My mind is not made up as to the historicity of Jesus but I just have to call into question your contention that he is a "proven" figure when the historical evidence for his existence is much less than that for, say, Julius Caesar, or Josephus, being historical figures rather than myths.

Based on what we know of fiction and mythology, the Bible simply does not qualify. Historical figure is a much more fitting description even if he wasn't real.

Most people who claim he was fiction or myth have very limited understanding of the history of the New testament and its format, the rest have an axe to grind against religion so they on purposely ignore the obvious facts.

If the Bible was fiction:
1. The epistles would not exist. It's a historically accepted fact that these did not begin as part of the same book, and therefore were not part of the story.
2. The epistles would also have a narrative.
3. There would not be four different accounts of the life of Jesus, and they would not have claimed to be based on eyewitness testimony.
4. The epistles would not have claimed to be a source of education.
This is a 47 day old post, get over yourself.
You said a lot of words there, but very little of it made much sense to me. 

Based upon what we know about fiction and mythology... What do 'we' know? How is this relevant? 

The Bible is a large, disparate collection of writings from dozens of people over hundreds of years. It's not literally 'fiction' any more than the Iliad, but like the Iliad it certainly has elements which are ahistorical as well as elements which are historical. 

I don't understand your argument about the epistles. What does the existence of the early church have to do with the historicity of the gospels?

As to the existence of four different gospels, have you read much about the study of the gospels? The first three gospels are called the synoptics and they are believed to have been copied from each other (from Mark), and thus are not independent. This is a really big can of worms to dig into but I'm willing to discuss but I think you need to pull apart your arguments a bit more for me to understand what you are saying. 

And yes, I have studied the bible quite a bit, though I'm not an expert.
According to the epistles and gospels and acts, the early church was formed by the very witnesses and people mentioned in those writings.
The very fact that the early church took in those writings proves that what was in them was considered true, meaning the people they claimed to be written by had authority, and must have been who they claimed they were: eyewitnesses.

Paul, John, Peter, James, Jude, all claimed to be witnesses to his existence in contexts in which there was no narrative and therefore were not fiction.
Even if he isn't real, he's not fiction, at worst he was a dangerous lie and the apostles were putting their lives on the line for no reason at all.

Are we supposed to accept the Bible as fact, or is it something that we can question, and form our own opinions on?  
The Bible says to test everything. That includes the Bible itself. If God truly is creator of the entire universe, do you think he's afraid of a few easy questions?

I don't think a strong faith can be built on a foundation of suppressed and hidden doubts. If you have questions, explore them and speak to pastors and scholars about them. Get the doubts into the open so that you can learn. 
  I believe in an objective Truth, but the deeper you go down the rabbit hole in the search to find it, the more you realize how unattainable Truth is.  Even within the realm of Christiandom, we essentially worship different Gods just by the nature of our interpretation of scripture.  My own questioning of what I was raised to believe was unquestionable has lead to some unsettling doubts, especially with regard to the authenticity of scripture.  
  
  But that's why we call it faith, right?  I've come to the conclusion that believing isn't the same thing as knowing.  And no one really knows much.  That's humbling, and it also makes grace and our need for it, as well as our need to mirror it, that much more apparent.

This question is largely about doubt. Doubt gets a bad rap in Christian culture but the Bible says otherwise...

 The disciples lived with Jesus for years. They saw him perform miracles, heal the sick, raise the dead, walk on water, calm the storm, turn water to wine, etc. He proclaimed that he was God several times and even predicted his own death and resurrection. Yet still, when Jesus died exactly like he said he would, none of his disciples believed that he would rise from the dead. 

  We're told that Thomas refused to believe even when others told him. He demanded proof and what did Jesus do? Did he hit him over the head, banish him to hell, or cast him out of the group? No, he said "Come touch my side."

  I think that doubt is a good thing when its the beginning of a journey. Ask questions and study, let it deepen your faith in this way. When we let it fester and grow, when we're afraid to bring our doubts to light, that's when it becomes detrimental. 
I would question the context of text often.  Like there's a passage which talks about how Daniel & his 3 friends requested to eat only vegetables which a lot of vegetarian people use as their top argument.  Last week I learned that if they did not eat vegetables, the meat they were offered is actually meat that came from a false god's altar.  So any meat they were to eat was actually an offering to the false god.
Which version of the Bible are you referring to?
Yes! The only way to have a deep understanding is to question and come to your own beliefs.  These may change over time depending in your life stage or situation as well as spiritual maturity. 
take it literally where it needs to be taken literally. a lot of can be very controversial and people have their own interpretations of things. 
I definitely question the bible and I definitely have my own opinions of things. ALSO context should be greatly taken into consideration
Malichi 3:10 
Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house. Test me in this," says the LORD Almighty, "and see if I will not throw open the floodgates of heaven and pour out so much blessing that there will not be room enough to store it.

I tithed $60 of my paycheck once after reading this and I told God that I was testing Him about what I just read. A few days later a friend gives me a $3000 dollar laptop for college. God is sooo gooood. 

So yes :) test Him.
What about Mathew 4:7 or Deuteronomy 6:16 or Luke 4:12? I am sure there are more, but it seems that is something you don't want to do.
Hm, sounds like it was your friend's decision, not your god's.  Unless you're implying your god ordered your friend.
Billions starving and millions of children with AIDS, but as long as you got your laptop.
I can tell you this with full confidence that it was God who worked through my friend. So the praise goes to God because he did the work. 
I pray for those people. Doesn't mean I can't feel good that God has blessed me.
Worked through him, eh? So your god took away your friend's free will in order to reward you for a church donation? That's quite a claim. I thought your religion tells us free will is your god's gift to all.
One has to choose to have God work through them. But if it is truly His will he will make it happen. The miracles I've seen Him do is just astounding. I've see a friend pray over a blind man and his sight was restored. God told my friend Nate to pray for this man and through his faith in The Lord and the blind mans faith in The Lord his sight was restored. Absolutely amazing. I will be praying for you, I see you doubting Him but He still loves you and want you to come to Him. 


Heavenly Father I pray rliant1864 to come to you, I pray that you take this wonderful person into your open arms of love and show your glory. In Jesus name we pray. Amen .
I'm pretty sure I have to voluntarily come to your religion for it to count, if I remember the Bible correctly. So, your prayers are unneeded, and at worst, according to your religion, damning me, if I am magically compelled by them. As for the miracles, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, and you don't have any evidence at all, let alone extraordinary evidence, so those anecdotes are meaningless. It is also good to know that I can either follow your god's commands, or he will simply make me follow them. Seems you believe your god will simply 'take the wheel' to steal from one person to reward another. That's the kind of god I'd never worship, even had he appeared above me and commanded it.

But this wasn't even the point of this. The point is that you should be honoring your friend for his or her kindness and thoughtfulness, not giving the credit to some deity, which, existing or not, clearly had nothing to do with. To give the credit to god, not the friend, is egotistical, possibly even a Messiah Complex, ridiculous, and just plain rude.
You keep calling Him, "Your God." That's not the case though, He lives in all of us through the Holy Spirit. So for you to claim you are apart of the congregation of following Jesus Christ and only call Him my God and not our God makes me believe you doubt Him or don't even believe in Him. That is why I prayed, and I'll keep praying for you because that is what Jesus would want :) God bless 
Yes, I do imply I doubt and disbelieve in your god. This is because I do doubt and disbelieve. To imply otherwise would be dishonest. And to say that we're all "really followers" of one Jesus Christ is extremely egotistical; you do not decide what I believe because you reject reality and I do not. As to Jesus' will, clearly neither of us knows what a quasi-historical carpenter Jew with a hobby in magic tricks thinks (had he ever existed to think, of course). But if you wish to keep trying to cast your little magic spells, I won't stop you.

But since we've gotten from my point that you're being rude to your friend, a point you're just ignoring now, I bid you a farewell, sir.
Have a blessed day :)
This is out of complete curiosity, this is in no means to disrespect anyone.

I am an atheist and I apologize beforehand for any ignorance I may show. These are questions that I want answered by someone who actually know's what they're talking about and not another atheists bias opinion.

I am curios on how you believe in a talking snake? and that Adam lived for 900 or more years. I also don't understand why Lucifer was cast out of heaven. God wishes worship and to obey his laws, correct? And if you don't you go to hell. It sounds like Lucifer was to overthrow a tyranny. 

Lastly, evolution has been scientifically proven. To those who don't "believe" in it, I ask why? I'm not saying we evolved from monkey's, in this case (although I do believe this.) Just simple evolution. For example, peppered moths were originally white and black spotted. After the industrial revolution, however, they became completely black. The industrial revolution introduced the world to pollution and cities became covered in black ash from factories, which explains the change in moths so that they are better camouflaged. 

Edit: 
Thank you all for your input, it is greatly appreciated and has really helped me to better understand the 
Christian religion :D.
I think LanceTheMan has answered everything really well, so I don't have anything to add to your questions. But one thing I want to throw out there is that Christianity is hard to believe/live when it's viewed as a set of rules to follow. Everything came alive to me when I realized it was a relationship with a real living being. I saw everything in a different way. I stopped trying to follow a set of rules or to figure it all out at once and just focused on knowing him. And I also have seen the Holy Spirit do amazing things, in not only my own life but in others as well. 

Also I think Christians shoot themselves in the foot a lot by trying to enforce Christian principles on unbelievers. It's like if I tried to make you follow the rules my parents gave me. They wouldn't mean anything to you and it would piss you off. But since I have a relationship with them, I have a different perspective. Although in the case of parents, they aren't perfect and they have rules that may or may not be good. 
I think addressing what "sin" actually is would be a great place to start.  Sin is disobedience to God.  If God said go to the corner and we did not, that would be a sin against God.

Within Christianity there are sins against God, sins against man, even sins against your own body.

So, to sin against God is to disobey and to disobey is to draw away from God.  To separate yourself from God is to remove yourself from His presence.  To be removed from God's presence is to be in Hell.

Hell is not this fire-pit where the devil get's to poke you... Hell is described as what humans should fear as the worst thing possible; eternal separation from God.  In Hell, one would be alone, profoundly alone.  None of your friends would be there.  It is a place of nothing.

This place sounds very familiar.  It sounds a lot like the "afterlife" stories you may hear from someone who never had a relationship with God but experienced a near-death situation.  This "nothing" they report finding on the other side of life sounds like complete separation from anything... being wholly alone for eternity.

I personally believe God set evolution on it's course.  A "Big Bang" would be exactly how I would picture this:
Genesis 1:3 3 And God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light.

The story of creation follows the chronological order of evolution very closely.  Plant life, sea creatures, land animals, then humans.

That this happened in seven days would be a form of story telling used to convey this order of happenings and something that i believe many have mis-interpreted.

And to speak on the authority of God... we are his creation.  The only reason tyranny takes on the definition it does here is because man should not control other men to that extent.  But the creator of all, I believe he may just have the authority to do what he pleases.

I have to go... I'll check in later.
Please use this opportunity to educate others on your religion, and not to hate against what I have heard. I'm looking to learn, not offend.
Your questions are getting some good responses! I really admire your attitude coming in here.  Please let us know if you have more; I'm glad we aren't scaring you off :)
It's extremely good hearted of you to find both sides of the arguement and as most of us can answer your questions the easiest way to know for sure is to read the bible.
1. When God created Adam he was made with perfection. Made perfect. After sin was introduced into the world genetic problems started to go down the line. That could explain how people lived so long back in the BC times. The more and more sin that got introduced into the world the more and more corrupt it got. (Without much research that's what i got)

2. The devil took the form of a serpent. Angles, along with demonic figures, and can take form of other times to attack the minds of us humans. That's what i have on that.

3. Satan was cast out of Heaven for going against the authority of God. rebellion is what caused the downfall of Satan. It wasnt sinning that brought him down, since God forgives. Satan;s intent was to sit his throne above Gods. It wasnt the act of sinning, but more of the act of rebelling against the Authority of God. 

4. Evolution has occurred. The earth is old, and things change over time. Look at how people used to live very long in BC times and then started to live shorter and now with advances are starting to live longer again. To say we evolved from monkeys is just crazy. I mean first of all would you want to be a monkey? hahaha But to explain this it'd take a long time

I used to be an atheist and received a slap in the face from God. hahaha I'm crazy for God and strongly believe in the Holy spirit. I have seen with my own eyes people being healed by the power of God. Its good stuff. I have personally layed hands on someone and through the power of Christ have seen vision, legs, arms, ect being healed. Yes it hard to believe untill you experience it. Feel free to message be about it. I wont take anything in offence i know where you come from, since i once didn't being ins Christianity. I hope i helped. 
Well, I wouldn't say I understand everything in the Bible. To me, I am not able to believe that the universe simply caused itself. That defies reason, or logic. The athiestic worldview, however, posits that the universe caused itself, while this is in no way demostrated by science. So, by my deduction, atheists have faith that the universe created itself. If Christianity and atheism are just faiths, I'd take Christianity, it says every person is "fearfully and wonderfully made" and made in the image of God. In Christianity, God says, "I know the plans I have for you... plans to prosper you, and to give you a hope and a future" and that God knows are inmost being and knit us together in our mother's wombs. (Psalm 139:13) Life is really just a lot more epic in the Christian faith. John 10:10, Jesus said "I came that they may have life, and life have it to the full." Atheistic faith (if people are honest) says we're just matter, or advanced pond-scum (i.e. creatures that emerged from primordial soup), which I guess could be considered cool, idk.

Maybe this is a useful question for athiests: I believe that genocide is wrong, but if creation and life are meaningless, is genocide really wrong? 

But, greater point: a part of the basis of my faith is not believing it could be possible for the universe to have created itself. With that I understanding or belief, I believe someone could read the Bible and look into the evidence surrounding the Gospels and become a Christian.

I believe things that are demonstrated by science. If science has demonstrated that peppered moths have turned black since the industrial revolution then that sounds fine. My understanding is that the fossil record does not have enough homonid fossils to demonstrate humans evolved from monkeys. 

Earlier, I said I don't understand everything in Bible. A way to gain understanding is to read the books, verses. There is a wealth of commentaries from Bible scholars (Greek/Hebrews scholars), and it often helpful to look at different words in the original, Greek, Hebrew, or Aramaic.

>I am curios on how you believe in a talking snake? and that Adam lived for 900 or more years.

A simple (possibly unsatisfying) answer to your question would be that I believe in a talking snake because I believe the Bible is the word of God (because of the evidence surrounding Genesis etc.). The same would go for Abraham living 900 or more years. But! A better answer for Abraham, which is more what you're looking for: some apologists, etc. have argued that after "the fall" (eating the forbidden fruit, sin entering the world), death entered creation, and before the fall, man would have lived forever free of disease and other physical decline. However, after sin entered the world man began to die and as time progressive lifespans shortened (this is what you find in the Bible, a general decline in lifespans). Today, we're an estimated 6K years from Adam, and with the advent of modern medicine/science we find lifespans rebounding upward but currently capping around 110 (or whatever the average is).

But!! Talking snake: if the Christian faith were a house, the talking snake in Genesis would be a shingle on the roof (not important in building the house [faith], or its foundation [although serving imporant asthetic purposes like keeping a bedroom dry]). 

You make a good point though. A Christian would say that the devil was talking through the snake (or was the snake?) so the question would be why doesn't the devil talk through animals more often?
To give some background before I throw in my two cents: I was raised in a conservative Christian home, my father was/still is a pastor, I'm about to graduate from Multnomah University (Christian Bible College) with degrees in Biblical Studies and Youth Ministry.

I believe that Satan, the devil, took the physical form of a snake and tempted the Woman to sin (I don't have an answer for why she didn't freak out at the appearance of a talking snake).

I believe that Adam lived for so long (along with a few generations after him) due to the world being healthy.  As time has progressed, the human body has continually gotten worse and worse.  Some of the worst diseases today are relatively new to the world, due to mutation and the continual break down of the "human code" (I'm sure there are much more scientific words to be used here but I can't remember them).

I believe that God is perfectly good.  100%.  There is nothing bad in him.  Satan (some call him Lucifer but that is up for debate) is evil and evil cannot exist in the presence of good.  For instance, darkness cannot exist in light and oil cannot be mixed with water (these are imperfect examples but I hope you get what I'm trying to say).  Good cannot abide by any evil so Satan was cast out of Heaven.  To say that God was tyrannical would imply that there was some evil in him; that cannot be if you believe him to be fully good.

The Genesis account of Creation and early man is far and away one of the most controversial parts of the Bible mainly because of Creation vs Evolution.  Everybody and their mother seems to have an opinion on it and most of the time these opinions are formed based on hearsay and tradition.  That being said, I am not what you may call a "Young Earth Creationist" who believes the universe is only 6,000 years old; I believe that everything was created relatively recently but with the appearance of age (my basis for this is that in the Biblical account the plants, animals, and man were all created "mature" or already old.  It would make sense then that the universe followed suit (light from distant stars having already made it to earth for example).

I believe in micro evolution (the changes within species over time).  Macro evolution (monkeys to man) I'm not convinced of.  The example that you gave of the peppered moths would be an excellent example of micro evolution as would all the different species of dogs, cats, bears, etc.  If you parse everything down to the species, there really isn't all that many (compared to the millions you would count otherwise).

I hope this answered your questions.  If not, let me know where I can expand and I'll try to explain my personal faith a little better.  I'm always happy to have a polite conversation about Christianity - it's when it gets focused on just bashing each other because of believing different things that gets me annoyed.
You don't understand the difference between macro and micro evolution my good friend. "Scientificallly proven" is not saying much, because as I'm sure you know, science is always changing. Old scientific ideas, that were known to be factually sound, have been disproved such as the idea that the earth is flat. 
Also the moth thing was more adaptation. It scientifically prove moths changed in color, but it isnt 100% scientifically proven monkeys turned into humans
I would like to include a thought made by many people on both sides.  It is just assumed that Adam and Eve were alive for a very short time before the fall of man.  I believe that a significantly long time could have gone by between creation and the fall of man.  I don't think billions and billions of years but quite a long time 
I can't really add anything to this conversation that is as eloquent as what  has been said so far but I'd just like to say this because it really bugs me.

We didn't evolve from monkeys. Monkeys and man shared a common ancestor. 
I was just wondering if you have ever read the Bible?
I didnt read through all the answers yet but figured i would give my input. As for the talking snake thing...its my belief that God and lucifer were far more physically present in that time. Neither of them are bound to any "form" as they arent bound by the laws of physics that we are. Hence (god works in mysterious ways). God is a self proclaimed jealous god. He is the only god and there will be no others. His law is simple. If you try to assume his power or claim to be him, you cant exist WITH him. Thats why lucifer was cast into hell. As for evolution and science in general, i have always personally believed that mankind has only been discovering God's blueprints for creation. God works with order and organization. Science and evolution are organized. As for earth being created in 6-7 days...those were God's words that he did that. I dont see how anyone can claim that God's time and our own are equal. His 6 days could equal billions for ourselves. No where in the bible to my recollection does it say evolution is false. Can you imagine how much longer the bible would be if every change in every animal was documented? These are my beliefs. They are true for me. Im not saying they are true for anyone else. 
• the devil is supernatural and can take the form of different things in order to manipulate  people. 
• if you look at the chapter of Genesis, not only did Adam and Eve live for a long time but also did their descendants. God increased their life span so that they could populate the earth 
• the devil was kicked out of heaven for trying to BE God. 
• God has given us as humans the ability to accept or deny Him. If God were a tyrant why would he even allow us a choice in what we believe 
• your case with the moths is adaptation, not evolution. If evolution did exist than why don't  any phases between monkeys and humans exist today ( Bigfoot doesn't count haha) 

Not trying to be ignorant so sorry if I appear as such 
Hey..

The serpent in the garden was Satan.  He is identified as the serpent in Revelation 20:2.

Creation scientists believe that the conditions on Earth were much different before the flood;  that the atmospheric pressure and oxygen content was much greater than normal, and also that there was a covering of water over the Earth which filtered out UV light.  This explains not only the longer lifespans (you could run for hours in these conditions and not get tired) but also the giant creatures we see in the fossil record.  Many dinosaurs, for instance, wouldn't be able to get enough oxygen through their tiny nostrils unless the conditions match what creation scientists estimate.

Satan was cast out of Heaven because of sin, and his sin was pride.  He was not "rebelling against tyranny", he was trying to take Gods job.  He wanted to replace God and be worshiped.

The kind of evolution that has been proved is "micro evolution", which shows that yes species do undergo small changes that cause them to adapt to their environment.  The kind of evolution that has not been proven, nor has it even been observed, is macro evolution.  Macro evolution says that all life came from a common ancestor.  Micro evolution does not prove macro evolution.  For that you need other evidence, which hasn't been found.

As far as your moth example goes, this specifically was fraud:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GotJEcEdkuI

Even if it were true, it would prove natural selection and not evolution.  God bless.


I'm going to vaguely put a piece of information out there for you to help things make sense from other answers you've gotten:

Sin cannot be in the presence of God. Jesus' sacrifice took the punishment for our sins, making us clean and able to be in God's presence again.

We cannot enter heaven with sin. Nor can Satan; who first created sin by abandoning/rebelling against God's will. Sin is essentially Godlessness - which would explain why it can't be in God's presence; you cannot have both light and dark, when there is one the other is absent.

We must accept forgiveness.

That's why some people will go to hell. It doesn't have to do with tyranny.

If you are serving a life sentence and someone comes to take your punishment, you still have to let them, you have to get up out of your cell and walk out. You cannot be forced to.

Hope that'll help clear up some of the logic of it all. With enough time, it all does make sense when you think it through. Why Jesus was the ultimate perfect sacrifice because He lead a sinless life (one perfect man's death to atone for the original perfect man's sin.)

Fortunately, God is very patient with us humans. Because He wants us all to have the chance to enter His gates, He lets us all make our mistakes in life because He is very VERY patient. He'll give you time and opportunity to reach out to Him.
I appriciate yall being so level headed. Dude to answer your question.... The old testament was some strange times. Because the origioal bible was so many different languages we may have lost some meanings along the way. Thank you for asking questions and not going allong with the stereotype! :D
Well lucifer wasn't overthrowing tyranny. There was no hell before him. He created sin. God cast him out of heaven for that
I believe evolution existed to an extent. I'm sure it happend as far as survival of the fittest but I'm not so sure on t-Rex to chicken...
Scripture is writin in such a way, that a person of bad will, or preconcieved notions will not "get it". Scoffers are usually of bad will or arogant pride. These people will not be able to understand even though most explanations are simple.  Understanding, expecialy what may seem to you as bizzare or imposible will not be atained by a superficial look at many parts of scripture.  You mention talking snakes and Adam living for 900 years. If God created the universe, and God is eternal, then time is not a factor. In the same way a computer programmer can make Mario jump for floating coins God can allow for a talking snake or life to be in a body for 900 years. 
Lucifer rebeling against a tyranny is also a superficial understanding of  "what went down" 
Evolution is not a proven fact. the moth you speak of is still a moth. It adapted, it did not evolve.  A complex peice of machinery such as a Ferarri demands a maker. A Cheetah looked at as a peice of machinery or engenering is far more complex that a Ferarri. Even more so demanding a maker. 
Second paragraph is the best phrased statement I've seen.
Very well said. I'll have to remember that when I'm evangelizing. 
I never saw how evolution lined up so well in order with the bible but, something I have found is that the bible proves science and science only prooves the bible. Ghandi once said once science has lost it's humanity, so has science lost it's way." it went along the lines of that. Not really sure how the full quote went.
Thanks you for being reasonable, first off. With the second thing, you only half answered my question. This has been pointed out to me, I don't necessarily believe it but it just created some thoughts.

Firstly, you state that during BC, people lived longer. That is not true, people rarely lived over 30-40 years old during those times. Also if it is a cause of genetic effects, those genetic effects would be continually be passed down and would, in ways, cause a de-evolution. 

Second, the way god acts according to the bible does seem almost tyrannical. You worship him, you follow his laws, and disobedient leads to eternal punishment in hell. 

You made a point, I don't think i'd really appreciate being a monkey and although there is not "Solid" proof of humans descending, we are in the same genus "homo" and we have found the evolution of "homo" genus throughout history. 

As with your conversion, you could be very right. Maybe I haven't "experienced" it yet or I don't know. Just for the time being, personally, I find most of the bible hard to believe.
I hate to disagree, but lifespan has kept going up and up since BC and theres whole butloads of sin going on right now
I've been reading through Genesis with my dad, I can't remember when God says it but he says the days of man will be shortened" so from the average age Of anoint 800 years it was shortened to our cap we have now of 120 years.
You stated that the "athiestic worldview, however, posits that the universe caused itself." That is untrue. The definition of Atheism is the Theory or belief that there is no god. I do not believe the world was created from nothing, I haven't really cared how it was created and since there is no way to prove how it was created, I just leave it at that. The only thing you should generalize about Atheist beliefs is that we don't believe in a god. 

So that statement, "is genocide really wrong?" Are you saying Hitler, Stalin, and all of those other awful people were right to do that? That might be a huge  jump but regardless, genocide is wrong. The slaughter of other humans, to show power, prejudice, whatever the reason, is wrong. But in a way you are right, war is necessary for natural selection, for without war, the world would be even more over populated. I don't like war, but I see it as an inconvenient truth.

As with the last statement, have you ever seen a talking animal? I don't mean that cute kitten or puppy on YouTube I mean an animal that walks up and says "don't you dare eat that apple."
Why is Satan evil? what makes him evil? Is he just naturally like that or  did something provoke it?
The earth being flat was a theory... It was not proven to be flat.
Not monkeys, no, but (supposedly) members of the "homo" Genus. 

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_human_evolution

And you're right, it was an adaptation. Though it is not 100% positive, there are species *very* similar to our own that lived just before Homo Sapiens (us.) The way I think is very agnostic, so I believe what is more *logically* correct (to me.) 

How I see it, until God proves himself to me, I don't believe he is there. I also greatly respect the fact you said that the old testament was created during "Strange" times and that most likely, things have been altered or as you said, lost. I honestly believe that it has been changed (if not written by the people.) It has very similar Morales to those of its time period such as the hate towards gays and the man has more power. 

I either hope it was changed from something originally peaceful and respectful created by god, or in my belief, it was written by people of that age. 
I sincerely hope if God did write the bible, he wasn't such a dick and it's the peoples fault for the disrespectful beliefs as seen in the bible. 

(sorry for the language i just can't stand "homophobes" because i don't believe its a phobia, just prejudice and ignorance. Equality for all haha)
Yes we share common ancestors, but can you *prove* we didn't evolve from monkeys? That seems like a close minded statement there.
I have tried a couple of times but no i have not thoroughly read the bible so that is a large reason I show ignorance in this subject, but that is why I am posting this. I'm looking to learn more about Christianity and bring up thoughts and ideas I have heard from other atheists and see what the other side thinks of them.
Before I say anything,I am in a bad-ish mood so sorry if I come out rude in anything I say.

I believe it's something called free will that lets us deny or accept god. It's just how the human mind works. the reason I assume that he is a tyrant is because, in the bible, there are about two million recorded deaths directly caused by god, or in the name of god. There are, however, ten deaths in total caused by the devil, and this was from a bet with god. Another reason is because the "laws" he "gives" us are very strict and if you don't follow them well enough you are doomed to eternal suffering in hell.

I know it was pointed out to me, the moth thing, and I realized I used the wrong example. Evolution, however, has been a proven fact. It's no longer if you believe in it, it is if you accept the fact or not, which even then makes little sense to me. I'm not saying we evolved from another species of "homo," but I do believe that we did. We did not evolve from monkeys. Science has found a long line of ancestors in the "homo" genus that point to the great possibility that we evolved from them, even showing as the homo genus changed from a monkey resembling creature to a much more hominid.
A lot of this seems opinionated? Like many people say you just go to hell then there are others who believe he is more forgiving and patient, as you. A lot of what I have said is just *everything* i have heard combined into a bunch of little things.

Side NOTE: To all of you that see this thread, if i have not mentioned this already, all of these statements I am posting here are things I have heard from others (mostly atheists) and I am trying to simply get another point of view. Thank you all :).
agreed.  Very well put, honestyc
Thanks :)
well back to question one, if you look at the years lived by Adam(930), then Kenan(910), then Lamech(777), the Noah goes back up, but after that it goes down. I have a study bible that shows the age of death of different people in the old testament. It gets down to Nahor (148) and down. 

And to say God runs a tyranny is kind of harsh. Like lets say for instance you created the earth, what would you want? hahha and disobedience doesn't take you to hell. I sin, i am no where close to being perfect. If that was the case I, along with every other christian, would be going to hell. It take accepting the Lord for who he is and into your life then living a life lead by Christ. Yes everyone stumbles and struggles, but it talks alot about that in the bible.

Also with alot of bibles these days yes they are a little different. But if you read a King James/New King James or ESV bible you re going to get correct stuff. Plus a study bible or life application helps you understand it, and therefore believe it more. And the first step to converting to Christianity is being opened mined. But man id love to meet you and person to talk. Coming from someone who thought all christian were crazy to knowing for a fact God is real, i cold just overwhelm you. hahaha I hope this helped alittle. But feel free to throw some more stuff out, ill try to help. 
But look at the technology/medicine advances we have now that they didn't have then. 
Well, if the universe exists, then it created itself or it was created. My understanding of atheism is that it requires belief that the universe created itself, as it does not believe in a creator (God).

>So that statement, "is genocide really wrong?" 

I was asking you a question: I believe that genocide is wrong, but if creation and life are meaningless, is genocide really wrong? 

>have you ever seen a talking animal?

I have never seen a talking animal, but it would be fallacious to say: because I have never seen a talking animal, the talking snake in Genesis did not exist.

I don't, however, expect to see a talking animal in my lifetime (unless they're on YouTube, like you said).
The choice he made to go against go and try to be greater than God (envy, coveting, etc) and the continued war against heaven makes him evil.
Gravity's a theory as well. ;)
I think maybe you're misunderstanding me? I believe in evolution but it is scientific fact that humans didn't evolve directly from monkeys; humans evolved from common ancestor that we share with primates

http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/evolution/library/faq/cat02.html and http://connordavidson.wrytestuff.com/swa840509-Why-We-Didnt-Evolve-From-Monkeys-Human-Common-Ancestry-Explained.htm
I've got a better link somewhere but those are just from google cos it's late.

Edit: Sorry if this is nitpicking! It's just my pet peeve
I'll try to reiterate in a way that sounds less opinionated.

You go to hell if you do not have forgiveness.

You have to accept forgiveness, it can't just be forced upon you.

God is patient in that He gives us time here on earth despite our mistakes. (A lot of people ask for example: if God is good, why does He let bad things happen. - Part of the reason why is because He is patient with those "bad people" just as much as He's patient with us. He loves them just as much as anyone else.)
It does say in the bible that they lived that long, but has it been proven? I don't mean to disrespect your religion but i'm trying to find a way to believe. I want to, the girl I love is very christian and I don't want to remove her of her faith and I am trying to believe but I just can't. I have tried reading the bible, I really have and maybe it's just me, maybe Christianity just is not meant for me but when I was reading I just couldn't see myself believing it.

I can see how that can be a strong word to use. And to be honest, if I created the earth, I would NEVER touch it. I would let it go through its lifespan and just let it entertain me with the natural flow of life. I literally would not interfere in the fear of causing wars, like the crusades.

May I also ask what triggered your faith?
it doesn't require that belief though. the only thing required to be atheist is the belief that there is no "God." I don't believe it created itself, I have no idea how we are here and since there is no way to scientifically prove and I don't believe in the bible, I just leave it at that. We are here, cause we can be haha i don't know how and it doesn't really matter to me lol.
WARNING: don't read this if you're easily offended. 

Here I go: I know the bible was written by god, yes? And Satan was gods enemy. So what better way to destroy an enemy than convincing a planet he is evil? Wars that kill millions of people are fought in gods name. God also sends you to hell for sinning. Maybe Satan, "this evil being," was trying to prevent a tyranny? 
Remember I don't even believe what I just said I'm atheist but I have had someone bring that up and I want to hear a Christians opinion on that.
Yeah but the thing is.... jump off a cliff and tell me it's not there :D
oh no i understand and you're right. Sorry my mistake.
Man you might think I'm pulling your chain but I think we might be the same people. I dated a girl that was Christian and I just didn't get it. She tried and had me go to church and such, but none of it worked. I lived lived my own way. It wasn't till after we split up. Now let me put this straight, I didn't become Christian for her, we aren't dating now and no where close. I'm a science nerd so I went off and did some of my own research. A good book is a "Case for Christ" it starts off slow but is good. But it wasn't till I attempted church alone and put all my pride or selfish ways behind that I came to Christ. I was opened minded and I can truly say I felt like God spoke to me. I don't do any drugs, and I used to question EVERYTHING! Later on i think God knew I needed more so also gave me signs here and there to prove to me her was real. Then I went on a mission trip and save first hand and experience the power of God. It says in the bible the god of these day (the devil) blind the eyes of people. As in making people just not understand it. 
I don't know if your question for living long lives was completely answered yet, so here's my take on it:
God enabled these leaders of His people to live long because they were still needed on earth. I'd like to point out that God does a lot of things in the old testament that seem crazy or needless unless you study it for a while.  With Moses, Moses needed to stay alive to guide folk to the promise land because without him the Jews would have just wandered endlessly complaining. Actually, even with Moses there was a lot of wandering and complaining, but less so.  Also, death back then did not mean eternal life, that didn't come along until after Jesus came to earth.  Only a couple of Old Testament followers ascended into heaven immediately rather than death.  (more on that if you want). So basically living long was a gift from God.  That's my take on it and not being a theology major I can't be 100%, but few people on the internet can...
Do not trying to trick yourself into believing fairy stories when you logically can determine that they are just stories. It's very honorable that you respect your gf's faith but you don't have to believe it yourself. Those stories were used to explain the universe the writers were experiencing and had no answers for. They were also for teaching their version of morality and customs. There are some interesting stories but most hold no weight in our current understanding of the universe. Absolutely keep exploring different religions and theories about the universe. Just remember that most were created during the Bronze Age and prior so they won't line up with modern science and current morality, as in slavery, the oppression and objectivication of women, the fear of human sexuality and murder in the name of God.
I would just like to say that I believe you need to look a little closer at the implications for believing God doesn't exist. That means that there is no creator. Which then leads to a question: if the universe wasn't created then how is it here. There are only 2 options. It was either created or it always was. So then the atheist world view does in fact make matter itself a deity as God is a deity because He was not created but always was. which is why I always put atheism in the religion category. I know you said you don't Care but I ask you to look at atheism in a logical way and see if that makes sense to you. 

Now if God does exist and created all things than He alone has a sovereign ownership of it and all in it. This means He is perfectly just in imposing his will on His creation and is also just in carrying out justice according to His will. And this then must happen. God is obligated by his Devine nature to judge us according to His holy law (perfection) because He is perfectly Just. If God does not punish sin then He is not perfect in justice. It is impossible for God to be imperfect in any aspect. 

Concerning Satan. He is also Gods creation (angelic being) therefore God is at will to do to him as He pleases. On top of that Satan hated God and rebeled against Gods authority. So God being perfect in Justice judged Satan and sentenced him accordingly. 

The bible says we have all sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. This means that God has to judge us. This saddens God though. Because he loves us dearly. 

Now that is Bad news right. But there is good news. The GOSPEL. Gospel means good news. This is we're Jesus comes in. In order for God to be perfect in everything He not only needs to be perfect in justice but also perfect in mercy. So because man sinned God has to punish man...follow me here...so God became a man so that He himself could suffer the wrath that we deserved. No man could endure the wrath of God. But because God cannot be destroyed he could suffer the wrath for us all and survive it. God in the flesh as mentioned is Jesus Christ. 

Now if we accept this grace that God did for us we can be in Gods presence and have an eternal relationship with Him. If not than he has no choice but to destroy us. 

Concerning talking snakes and long life. First off this seems like a small thing compared to God speaking the universe into existence. God is limitless in power and this is his nature. Omnipotence. Throughout the bible we see that demons do possess men and animals. I have no problem with that animal speaking as this is a power that God gave to angelic beings (angels and demons). Now this is a problem I often see people fall into especially evolutionists. They believe that because the world is the way it is today that means it was always this way. The problem of constants. This is a problem because we often see the world around us change. From our atmosphere to desease. Our world is certainly passing away. So I assume that the world was a different place back then. As it says in genesis after Adam and eve sinned God cursed the Earth and creation. 

Concerning creation vs. evolution. You gave an example of micro evolution and said see evolution is scientifically proven. But there is very far from sufficient evidence to prove macro evolution. We just don't see it in scientific observation of the world. This theory is put out in front of everything and goes against science. Evolution has become a religion in itself being preached as truth throughout the world. But where is the evidence. Evolutionists says look we have cmon ancestors and evolved from them into what we are. The creationist will always say look we have a common creator who has created all things and some look similar but are in fact different creations. But then we have to look at the world. Let's comparison what we k ow has been created. I can spare you some time and narrow this Down to information. We know if we see information that it has an intelligent source and has been created and did not happen by chance. So we see throughout all things on the earth including our very bodies. There is information in each cell that gives it purpose. To say this happened by chance is simply not possible. Books don't write themselves not do buildings or cars make themselves. They are carefully made. Just the same as all things. That's a scientific observation. Now I would say that the existence of God and creation is a scientific fact. And question is why don't you believe that?

There so much understanding and deep thinking involved in these questions you have posted. Some of the things I have posted took me many years before God gave me understanding of. I am so happy you are willing to read and think about these things. It is one of my greatest joys to discuss these things with others. i pray God would give you understanding in these matters. 
Personally, I don't believe in Satan as a finite being.  This is why:

If God is all good, and there is no evil in Him (which is to say, he never neglects or disobeys himself... which is a weird thing to say about God or anyone for that matter) then he could not have created Satan / The Devil in the sense that if He did, He would have created a strictly evil being.

Satan is the Jewish word for "the opposition."  Anything that opposes God's will is sin and come from man's free will... that being said, our carnal nature; our desire to be selfish, prideful, etc.. comes from satan.  It's like when Peter tells Jesus he does not have to go to the cross in Matthew 16.  Jesus replies with "Get behind me, satan."  Now, was Jesus saying Peter had been possesed?  or was he saying "do no oppose me" ?

The story of satan's "fall from heaven" is not a story of satan at all, but a story of a corrupt old testimate king that has been mis -interpreted.
The higgs boson, my friend. ;)
The state I am in now is different than how I was in this post. My crush actually has feelings back for me ( I was friends zoned for over a year) and we might be getting together. At the time I posted this I was subscribed to r/atheism and the more I was on the subreddit the more I absolutely hated religion but I am unsubscribed and have nothing against it (unless people believe it gives them the right to govern others.) I honestly am sticking to the roots of atheism and just not believing in a god and I'm just going to respect that people believe the bible and they usually have good reason and I'm just leaving it at that. Again, thank you everybody for your responses, greatly appreciated and you guys were great!
Yeah i missed that entire thing. i went on vacation, came back and everything was higgs boson and i had no idea wdf. still don't know because i haven't bothered to try and figure it out lol.
You sir, are, with all due respect, a slight moron.

Because I wasn't there at the time or haven't spent the time to learn about something? Yes i don't know what it is but it's because i haven't bothered to learn it. But thank you :o?
I want to sing hymns and song for the Lord but it's not exactly my strong hand. I'm good at making noises, and I can keep a rhythm . Where can I start to improve?
Speaking as a pastor: there's only ONE in the Audience, and HE already thinks your voice is wonderful, so you don't need to get "better". Just make music in your heart, and that's just fine by the Lord.

Speaking as a musician: making music with your voice is a matter of muscle memory. You learn what a particular note **feels** like, so that you can hit it consistently. And to learn THAT skill takes practice.

This might sound like an odd suggestion, but there are karaoke games that detect pitch as you sing, so that you can learn what middle C *feels* like. This will help you train your voice.

You might want to try a program like GNU Solfege, to help train your ear and voice: https://sourceforge.net/projects/solfege
Hey, experienced worship leader and public school music teacher here. Most people who aren't good singers are typically just trying to sing in their speaking voice range. When you speak, you don't really need a lot of air in your lungs to make your message clear, but when you sing, you *need* to support your voice with enough air. The second point is that we usually speak in what's called the "lower register" of our voice, where the thickest parts of our vocal folds vibrate. You can find the "higher register" by imitating animal sounds like an owl or a wolf. The wolf is an especially good one because then you can carry your higher register (thinner part of the folds vibrating) down into your lower register to create the "mixed register". Mixed register is where most songs should be comfortably sung, which brings me to my third and final point: most popular worship music and most hymn melodies are sung in the more difficult higher register, meaning that it will be difficult for you to sing along with them in the same key. When I lead worship at my church, I always take the radio version or hymnal version and lower them a bit so that the majority of the congregation can sing them comfortably. That being said, with a little bit of pratice where you find your higher register and apply enough breath support, anyone can extend their higher range to sing along with most songs! Leave a question if there's anything I can clear up and I'll get back to you.
Hey hey hey! I play bass at my church and I sing harmony. I don't have a great voice but it doesn't matter as long as you have love and passion you are the best singer on stage. HAVE PASSION.
How about a cat or a rooster? And how to deal with complaining neighbors?

PS. I'm liking these posts, very educational.
oops misspelled psychics
**Very demonic and actually forbidden by God**. 

Scripture says that "***any that do these things will not inherit the kingdom of God***". 

Please look up in scripture what it says in reference to - 

* Witches, sorcery, wizardry, familiar spirits, divination, and fortune telling.

-------------------

For more information about this, please visit /r/TheArmorofGod
Trusting that you mean psychics instead of physics.

90 percent of the time i think it's bs. Just clever manipulation or confirmation bias.

But because of scripture i think it's possible that magic taps into a realm we should avoid.

So i say dont do it. 90% because you're being an idiot. 10% why would you eff with demons. 

Worst thing you could possibly do for your soul, regardless of your religion and world views. Please google John Ramirez and look at his testimonies for more info. And PLEASE DON'T.
They're fake, dumb, and a waste of time. People just trying to scam people out of their money. 
They're more likely just BS. However if real (which I doubt), I don't want to mess with any of that. 
Obviously, tarot cards and any attempt to foretell the future is expressly forbidden. Physics on the other hand is the language of god. One of the saints (I forget who, but could guess) said "nothing goes against nature, only man's understanding of it."
Immoral. Typically a mortal sin to willingly participate in.
I actually knew a "psychic" at one point. This person was aware of the fact that she didn't actually have any supernatural abilities, but justified her deception by claiming that she was giving people good advice and helping them. As an example, she told of a frequent client with a gambling problem who has come to her about having a feeling over some lucky number or some such, and she advised him to save the money instead. She justified her deception by claiming she was helping people.

I suspect the vast majority of psychics are the same way. The rest probably actually believe they have some abilities.

I don't believe psychics, tarot cards, etc. accomplish anything at all. I don't believe they tap into any forces. So, if you were to participate, it would have no effect whatsoever.

However, I must question why a Christian would want to participate in such a thing. If you are a believer, you have the most powerful force in the universe living inside of you.  You have the holy spirit of God in your life, a spirit that IS God, that knows the future already, and that wants to guide your life. Why would you need tarot and other nonsense when the spirit of the living God guides you? If a Christian finds themselves wanting to do this, I would want to dig deeper to see what's gone wrong with their relationship with God that would lead them to feel like the holy spirit isn't enough.
I agree with he other posts, I however disagree concerning these things being fake. There may be some impostors, but many of them are very real. If they were fake there would be no harm and no threat but there is a spiritual battle that is happening around us all the time. It may seem harmless but these things have the power to destroy your faith, some of these things can produce spiritual things that god chooses not to shew unto us because faith by sight is not faith. There are many Gnostic outlets in this world that seek to convert you to esoteric beliefs, and can very well produce and show you this "Magic", I wont make the mistake of telling you it's fake, because how much more confused would you be seeing that it is real. Understand that these things are not from god, and they will lead to rebellion and death and into accepting the god of this world and Baal.

If this sounds like lunacy, I thought the same for a while too until I had confrontations with people of the "craft". You can find this in Hindu Guru's, Esoteric Freemasons, believers of the Kabbalah.

These organisations are always willing to "fill in the blanks" of your faith. They will lure you in by telling you what you know of god and the afterlife is true, but there's more to know. They will tell you that you can't fully understand your bible unless you are taught to read it properly.

They will introduce subtle lies into your biblical truth that will result in the destruction of your faith, and acceptance of there "order". There is always a master and apprentice type architecture to these outlets, there is always an initiation. Flee from these things and all forms of it, there intrigue is not worth your soul. To learn spiritual truths outside from God's word, The spirit and revelations from the lord himself is as uncovering the nakedness of god.

Jeremiah 44:4 Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate. 

I pray we are all able to flee from wickedness.

God Bless you, and take care that no man deceive you.
I've seen many people that play with these Occultist stuff like Tarot Cards and Ouija Boards end up dealing with Demon Possession because they are inviting demons in to their life. 

The Bible is very clear on these streets subjects and tells you to stay away from these things altogether. 

Now, the study of Physics would literally just be studying science so that's different. 

But please, do not mess with the Occult. The devil is real and demons don't play. Jesus can free you from all of it. But remember those things are fiction. Stay away. 
I use to mess with that stuff before I came to Christ of you're thinking about that stuff don't do it your opening doors u don't want to open there a lot of scammers tho but it is veryyyyy real realer than most people think even I thought it was a bunch of nonsense till my ignorance caught up with me
As some other commenters said, a lot of the time the Carnival Gypsy/Tarot/Psychic types (even some church-touring prophets can be guilty of this) just use mundane social techniques to subtly information out of you which they feed back to you.

Other times, like Witch Doctors, it really is demon influenced and shouldn't be treated lightly.

There's a very small fraction of people (Christian and not) that are truly "psychic", in the sense that they moreso fit the description of a prophet, but may not be familiar with the term. These people generally aren't the same people that go around parading that they can and selling it on-demand.

And physics is a pretty cool subject, and it shows just how much thought went into Creation. Did you know that it's theoretically possible to time travel forward in time, but not backwards?

EDIT: Not sure why I was downvoted...
Yea, just ask Saul.  My mother recently passed away and I had a cousin call me out of the blue.  He tells me they were speaking to a psychic and the first person to come through was my mother who remembered all these things from his childhood.  I had to explain to him that those are familiar spirits that work for the adversary.  Some people find it hard to accept that our loved ones are not around anymore but both my parents were born again so it is easy for me as I have the hope of Christ's return..
As sinful, leading to confusion and demon posession.

God's word in the Bible says that it leads nations into ruin:

" 10 There shall not be found among you anyone who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, or one who practices witchcraft, or a soothsayer, or one who interprets omens, or a sorcerer, 11 or one who conjures spells, or a medium, or a spiritist, or one who calls up the dead. 12 For all who do these things are an abomination to the Lord, and because of these abominations the Lord your God drives them out from before you. "
https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=deu+18%3A10-12&version=NKJV

Also the psychics i saw and heard of were frauds trying to extract money from people or deceived by demons and spreading harmful teachings.
I often wonder about tarot cards... there's a part of me that honestly believes that God can work through tarot cards and use them. They are just cards after all with meanings that we as humans have ascribed too. So using them and asking God to use them along with His gift of Prophecy... I don't think there is anything wrong with that. HOWEVER

As to whether you should use them or not, really up to debate. I think most people have a problem because of where it's often used, in wicken/witchcraft, so it becomes more of an image thing than anything. Same as Yoga, Yoga is technically a Buddhist (I believe) meditation technique used to get closer to being One with everything yet Christians do Yoga all the time and focus on God, so what's the difference?
Drawing straws isnt divination?
There are an awful lot of charlatans, it is surprising at how many people there are that solely want to take advantage of other people. They are the ones that do the most drawing in, but also are simultaneously the ones that cause the most damage. Because of the fakers the view of occult and such is seen as just manipulative nonsense, and thus creates an air of non-seriousness, thus deceiving and causing greater damage to those who mess with it. The devil is a master deceiver, prince of lies, and master of darkening the minds and eyes of the masses.  
Upvoted you lol
There is a huge difference between yoga and tarot cards. You never use tarot cards for a secular purpose. It is always meant to be spiritual. For most Christians doing yoga, it is for a work out or a time of relaxation. I think your theology may be a bit off if you are wondering whether tarot cards should be used by Christians. It is witchcraft, no matter if you want to label it that way or not. God does not give anyone the ability to predict anyone else's future (even those who claim to be prophetic). 

God does not work in this way and would not tell us to refrain from partaking in them if he did. 
If they are just cards, why even bother with them if you aren't going to believe them? Even if you choose not to believe the cards, there is a very good chance you will be influenced by what is said. That influence is evil. 
Yoga was invented in the 1960. Nothing to do with Buddhism. It really is pretty dumb if you read about it.

Buddhists meditate by either focusing on one thing or nothing. The bible says meditate on Christ. Do with that what you will.

I think its dangerous to conflate the gift of prophecy with tarot cards, which was you describe it, "are just cards humans have ascribed meaning to". Prophecy should come from God and leave nothing to chance, read all the major and minor prophets.

In spite of this i think what you should most work at understanding and is very interesting is the old testament use of drawing lots. They'd pray and then draw straws and that was the Lord's will.

Take this with a grain of salt.
Thanks :)
Well to be fair, I don't really know anything about tarot cards aside from media. And honestly, I don't see a difference between tarot cards and yoga. Both are from another religion and serve a purpose that is different than Christians.

And to be fair, they are just cards... like poker cards, the way they are used is witchcraft.
Yoga is exercise, like running or biking.  

Tarot cards... Aren't. 
Yes. But you cannot use them in any other way besides telling of the future. Yoga can be used in different ways. Yoga is a great stretch for the body. I honestly don't know anyone who uses yoga for a purpose to serve a different god. 
When it comes to denominations I choose Baptist. But, I have nothing against any other denominations. I may disagree with some stuff, but as long as JESUS is the number one priority I guess its ok. I want to hear from other denominations. Just like comment something interesting about your church or way of life.
I've had the opportunity to experience and be a part of several denominations in the church (Roman Catholic, Methodist, "non-denominational" evangelical) and I know people in several others. 

Anymore, I feel like people make way too big a deal over denominations and their differences, which is kind of why I landed where I am (non-denom). Denominations mostly differ in *practice* and not so much in *belief*, and I get exasperated when one denomination declares that they have the One Truth^^TM (looking at you, Rome). 

So I'm with you. If a church has Christ at the center, and is focused on his Word and the Resurrection, the rest is mostly just interesting debate.
Baptist, though denominations vary so much within themselves that its kinda pointless sorting people into boxes.

I tend to just take the bible as it is written, ie. literally, as I see no reason not to....does that make sense!?
Raised Baptist, currently in a Baptist church, but my denomination is basically "if Jesus said it, I believe it." 
I am non-denominational, though I used to be Catholic. Personally, I dislike the whole "denominations" categorization. I get why there are so many in existence based on various interpretations of Scripture, but it so often feels like it boxes Christians off from other Christians, sometimes even pitting us against each other.

Being non-denominational in itself is pretty freeing, though sometimes dangerously so. It's nice because you aren't pressured to conform your beliefs to the doctrine of your denomination based upon what the founders of the denomination have declared as the "most proper" to interpret Scripture. I would mostly argue in favor of everyone reading the Bible without a denominational bias toward what certain passages might mean. However, I still think there's a lot of value in relying on well-versed, trustworthy teachers to provide insight on Scripture.
My denomination is called the Lesser brothers of Jesus Christ, only has two members.

We believe that some people from all the denominations will be in heaven. Catholic, Baptist, JW, Mormon. Some will be saved from each.

Some things aren't meant to be understood. 
You ain't wrong. I'd like to hear more.
Idk abt JW and Mormon tho. If you really look into their religion you'd find its entirely different from Christianity .
I ain't mean some won't make it, I mean that I don't really count them as Christians.
It really doesn't. Unless you can read biblical hebrew, aramaic, and greek, your literal reading of the bible _will_ be filled with misunderstandings and/or deceptions brought on by the translators (especially if you grew up in a 'traditionalist' denomination).

For a good example of this, take a look at the modern concept of hell. Something like three quarters of references to hell in translations of the bible are better translated as 'death' or 'the grave'. Yet these ideas are so woven into our culture that an uninformed literal reading might still have someone come away with the idea that God sends people to be tortured for eternity.
Evangelical Free Christian here. I feel the same way exactly. 

For the actual comment: My church is very careful with interpretation. We know that we're human and are really meticulous when it comes to studying the bible for answers.
I always think two things are fascinating.

The different meanings of Heaven (ie. sky, atmosphere, being with God) and the different meanings of Hell.

I always think of the reason that Hell is torture is that you are not with God not necessarily that you are tortured there or experiencing that we could relate to being physical pain.

***Resist the Devil!***

----------

* **1Peter 4:17**) "*For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?*" 

* **1Corinthians 3:16-17**) "*Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.*" 

As believers and followers of God we are mandated many times to keep ourselves unspotted from the world, abstain from every appearance of evil, touch not the unclean thing, be pure, be holy, to be Christ-like in all things. This mandate is for a reason, because we no longer belong to ourselves, the Holy Spirit of God indwells the believer and lives within us, and our bodies literally become a living Holy Temple of God. This is why He asks us to strive towards holiness -

* **1Peter 1:16**) "*Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.*" 


Just think about this whenever you go about your daily life, think about who it is you are bringing along with you. The Word of God says that we are held secure in the Fathers hand, indwelt and sealed by the Holy Ghost, it says Jesus lives in the heart of the believer and also stands by our side, and it says that we are surrounded by a mountain of angels which guard and watch us. This image of amazing heavenly power and protection should change our attitude and outlook on life.

But also that God is a jealous God and will not share the same space with others -

* **Isaiah 42:8**) "*I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.*" 


* **Luke 16:13**) "*No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.*" 


* **1Corinthians 10:20-22**) "*But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils. Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils. Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?*"

Idolatry in itself is putting anything other than God as the first and most important thing in your life, committing idolatry is an extreme insult and abomination to God. If you are sealed by God as His own, then we must give Him our attention and devotion as we should. He is the Mighty God, the Creator of Heaven and Earth, the Alpha and Omega, the Mighty Jehovah, the Redeemer, Saviour, and our Heavenly Father and He will not allow His Temple to be defiled. But if His Temple is defiled He will cleanse it, and His Word says that He will use what it is that you have given yourself into to cleanse it. It says that anything else set up in one's life that takes the place of God is idolatry and that is a devilish thing, as it is an action of pride and arrogance. 

* **1Corinthians 5:5**) "*To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.*" 


God will hand you over to the Devil and his angels to allow you to be tormented and destroyed if necessary, so that your soul will learn to respect and honor God and His ways that you may be saved in the end of the cleansing. 

Ignorance, disrespect, and disregarding of the Word of God and God Himself will not go unpunished. Even little sins that we think are nothing to worry about are great insults and abhorrences to God.

* **Galatians 6:7**) "*Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.*" 

* **1Corinthians 5:6**) "*Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?*" 

The Word of God teaches that once saved we become "*Believer Priests*" of God, and as a priest of God one of the main duties is to maintain the Temple of God and conduct worship and devotions to God. So let us remember who we are, what we are, who we serve, and what our Priestly mandates ask of us. Remember our testimonies and perceptions towards others.

* **1Peter 2:5**) "*Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.*"

* **Ephesians 4:21-32**)  "*If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus: That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts; And be renewed in the spirit of your mind; And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another. Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath: Neither give place to the devil. Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption. Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice: And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.*"

Let us maintain our walk, our talk, and our entire lives as such, to be examples to others of our Holy Order. We are living Temples and Priests of the Mighty God, so let our lives bring the Lord God honor and glory in all things.
by what to do i suppose i mean how to feel. someone very close to my family who i have known my whole life passed away a few months back. unfortunately, he was not a Christian at the time of his passing. my mother called me earlier and brought this up and i have been rather upset since. i still have not fully processed his death which is why i never really thought that through. we were praying for such a long time before his passing that he would be saved, (he was ill for a long time). i am so disconcerted. i know there is no coming back from wherever he is now and no way to redeem himself now... i just can't handle that.
I don't believe we can know with 100% certainty who is saved and who is not. We know the only way we can be certain is by receiving God's life through Jesus, but outside of that I think it's really between God and that person. We don't know what happens in those moments just before death, and we don't know what exactly happens after we die. We have some ideas but none of us living have seen it first hand. I don't think we can put God in a box and say that he *definitely* didn't save one person and *definitely* did save another. We can only be sure of our own spiritual life, so focus on that and remember that God is the one who decides what happens after we die, not us, and God is a perfectly merciful and perfectly just. We don't know if your friend is now with God or not, so don't despair and obsess too much over something you don't even know for sure. It's in God's hands. 
I personally believe hell will end when the world does.
I pray for them and espescially their family and friends.  Outside of the basic question of the persons state before God I think society does a horrible job actually caring for those of us left behind when someone whom we cared about so much has passed away. Society refuses to see the holes left in people's lives by their passing
. 
If God is all-knowing, he shall know if his heart would have let the seed grow should it have seen a seed.
[deleted]
[removed]
thank you for your response, spot on and comforting ❤
Lol I lurk here and the first article I click on I find myself responding...

Anyway yes this is confirmed in Revelation. God does indeed kill (completely remove from the universe) all of the occupants of hell after he purges the Earth. If people want a verse I'll go search it up, but I do know it's there.
Well that's not what God says, and the world is not scheduled to end, it is being taken over by jesus, it isn't a 2012 scenario
i'm not angry at God's plan. just saddened that he couldn't be saved. he was worth it. Godspeed my friend ☺
1. You're a right fuckin cunt, aren't ya? When someone loses someone close to them is NOT the time to go arguing with them about their beliefs, and especially not in full dickhead.

2. This is a Christian subreddit, for Christians. I respect that you have different beliefs and there are many places for you to both discuss your own beliefs and challenge the beliefs of others. This place is not one of them. You will be banned from the subreddit if you can't be decent.
what a rude comment to make when someone is grieving. my problem is that if he is not in heaven i will most likely never see him again. so obviously missing him *is* my problem. also, if you don't believe in what i believe in, which is the holy trinity, then this post clearly wasn't directed at you.
Sure. Put up the verse.
well that's just as bad.... or maybe less bad i guess since hell is supposed to be awful.
Matthew 24:35
> Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away.

2 Peter 3:10
> But the day of the Lord will come like a thief, and then the heavens will pass away with a roar, and the heavenly bodies will be burned up and dissolved, and the earth and the works that are done on it will be exposed.

Revelation 21:1
> Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and the sea was no more.

Read the Bible much?
We're you around him when he passed? Do you know if he could've had a deathbed confession? Like the thief on the cross, that would save him, if of course, he wasn't spending his life blaspheming the holy spirit.


Aw did I hurt your feelings for pointing out the obvious flaws in your religion? Oh I'm sorry :(

Yes it's a Christian subreddit, so? Are you going to ban every user who disagrees with you?
[removed]
Alright so as a preface many times in Revelation does John refer to the "second death," indicating a death more final than the first death. 

"The sea gave up the dead that were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead that were in them, and each person was judged according to what he had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. The lake of fire is the second death. If anyone's name was not found written in the book of Life, he was thrown into the lake of fire." -Revelation 20:13-15 NIV. 

I swear somewhere else I saw a verse where effectively God took the unbelievers and separated them, and then it explicitly said, "he killed them," but I cannot seem to find the verse. Maybe I'm just imagining. But either way, there's the verse. It's not explicit that they will be completely removed from the universe, but by what John means here, the unbelievers will be in a place very very distant from God. 
A new heAven and a new Earth will be born, and ruled over by jesus Christ for a thousand years.

Yes I read it, when he says the old world shall pass for a new one, he could easily be talking about to how our old world has turned into the new world, and vice versa, we know the fire shall destroy man, but he never said the entire earth would be destroyed than built back. He said the old shall pass, and the new shall come, didn't know that meant 2012 scenario.
i was not at the very end but my mother was. he wanted to turn his life around and get healthier but then ended up passing right after deciding that. i do not think he had a deathbed confession because he wasn't expecting to die. he was expecting to be moved to a facility where he would try to get better instead of being intubated in the hospital. 
Your utter lack of engagement with the very serious material that has been put forward on the matter is, frankly, embarrassing. And yes, the rules literally say it's a Christians-only space, and if you want to hang around and be decent, that's fine, but we're not here to debate the reality of Christianity. There's lots of places on reddit to do it and I personally enjoy it, but this isn't the place to do it. Is banning you what it's going to take, or will you engage the "atheists can be good people too" thing and respect the space?
heaven is real. once again, since you obviously aren't a Christian, this post wasn't directed at you nor am i asking for your opinion. i posted in a Christian subreddit for a reason. if you were truly sorry for my loss you would not be so ignorant as to try and push your beliefs on me while i am CLEARLY asking for other Christian's opinions on a topic that is near and dear to me. 
No. Jesus will rule over this earth for a thousand years. After which this world will be dissolved and there will be a new one.
[removed]
And where does it say that's what happens? I thought the bible says he shall return to BRING a new heaven and earth and to rule over it. He's not moving in, he's taking over.
i see that most of your comments to others on other posts are practically the same. it's sad that you go around beating up Christians asking for help. people ask for prayers, you attack them. people ask for opinions from CHRISTIANS, you attack them. i am a highly tolerant person and i have many atheists as friends, and i must say you are the exact type of person that gives atheists a bad name. it's sad and pathetic that you spend your time on here trying to put down other's beliefs. 
He's right. Read over Revelation again, at least the last couple chapters. The thousand years is in chapter 20, and the new heaven and new earth are in chapter 21, all clearly connected by "then" statements.
[removed]
once again, the sad soul insulting someone who is grieving another's passing. luckily for me, i care to spend my time differently and don't enjoy bickering or putting others down on the internet, as i am a mature adult. nor do i need to explain to someone so naïve a concept that they wouldn't be able or even willing to wrap their head around. your further comments and attempts to change my beliefs, however pathetic they may be, will be ignored. have a nice night, and think on the fact that you are being more closed minded than you claim Christians to be 😉
It's pretty ridiculous not to believe in a god. Nothing begats nothing. In order to even assume there is no god you would haft to have proof of one thing 

That the universe has always been here and is eternal. So far, especially if you take the big bang theory into account that is unlikely. 

[removed]
What's more ridiculous? Believing in science and logic, or believing in a magic man floating in the sky who created everything?
Proof may be simply but not easy. Next time when you are in real trouble, and when you messed up real bad, and when you are despair, and when you realized no one even yourself can help, pray to Him, ask him to help in your most humble way possible, ask Him to prove to you. If you can humble yourself and seek Him with all your heart, then you will find Him and know that He is real and true. He may  open opportunities to give you a way, or He may use people, Christian or even none Christian, to help you or discipline you to His way. When you start to open your mind and heart to accept Him, then you will start to understand and believe, and by your faith you will know that He is God. 

To your questions, if you don't know Him, even if the answers were given to you, you will not be able to discern them, and come back with even more questions. Many Christians ask the same questions about the bad things happening in the world. There is this man named Job whom God consider a righteous person, terrible things God let to happen in his life, and he asked many questions to God, and see how God answered him at the end. You can read about it, it is the book of Job in the Bible. And people who were tortured or murdered in the name of faith, you can read about an example of another man named Stephen in the book of Acts chapter 7 in the Bible, and the reason why and how God used this to bring his plan of salvation to the rest of the world. 

And I hope that you will at least give a chance for yourself not to shut Him out completely. It is sad that we may lose someone dear not knowing of that person may be saved or not, but our hope is in God, not in our knowledge or efforts done or lost trying to evangelize to them. This is also a reason why we should take opportunity to share the gospel to other people sincerely as much as possible.  Then we also learn to let go and give back to God the ultimate answer and solution. I pray that someday you will accept Him as your Savior and Lord, and I pray that we who grieve for lost one will be comforted because true peace of the soul comes from God. 
😂 every time someone doesn't wish to argue with someone, they claim it is from no proof. in reality, you aren't worth my time ✌ i don't care if you believe or not. you're just some random internet troll who wants to argue with anyone they can. how lame is that?! 😂 seriously. get a life.
Science and logic? Pretty sure that is just as divisive as anything else. Logic has its place and so does science. But I dont know how either disproves the existence of god. To assume that science which is still in its infancy (ie there is alot we don't know that science can't even explain it) determines that their is no existence of God is a logical fallacy.

Unless you can convince your audience this: that science knows everything about the universe, than you cannot use it as proof agaisnt the existence of god.

So tell me you oh so wise atheist, tell me how does nothing begat something?

If I throw  a 10,000 piece puzzle and scatter the pieces in a room and i leave the room and it  comes  together than I'll believe in atheism.

So far the big bang theory by its nature gives more credence to the theory of a creator than anything else.
science meshes with the idea of God if you're smart enough to see it.
Insulting me for raising valid points? Do you also believe the Earth is flat, or that climate change is a myth?
No I can't disprove God. Neither can I disprove Trump is a lizard monster. Or disprove that leprechauns exist. Just because I can't disprove something doesn't mean it makes sense. 
  I think we as Christians don't  really question what we are to God. So let me help! On the sixth day God said," Let us go down and make man in our own image." If you pay attention God created  Adam's body from the earth but that is not what looks like God. It's the spirit of Adam that is in the image of God.
        The bible says God breathed life into Adam but the Hebrew word used for breathed is not air like CPR but to shove a piece of yourself into a object. This is why the scripts say," God created man a little lower than God." It is what allowed us true freewill where the rest of creation is limited in what it can do. So give glory to God because he loved you before he created  you.
Yes! God is awesome & through the blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, we are back where we belong with the Father! I cannot wait to go home!
We shouldn't have to question, because he already tells us, we are here to bring him glory, the Bible says do you not know it was for man to rule the earth, and judge even the ANGELS?? We were made into his image, Adam was created, what did God say? Go to eden, and I'll bring you all the beasts and all the fruits of the earth and you shall name them. He then said, even with beasts and birds, man should not be alone, and he created eve. What did he say to eve? Adam and eve, multiply your seed and subdue the earth so that you rule over all beasts, birds and crawling things of the earth.

We are not gods, but we were created like god, the angels were not. We're special in a way because I believe the way we adapt to things, is vastly different from angels, angels seem to learn from us, not the other way around, and in turn we learn straight from god. We are special to God 

God said, do you not know, the father tells his children secrets that even the angels don't know. Thank god, glory be to god, we were created, imo, maybe God just wanted more company, but we have to go through the trials to prove ourselves worthy, for Adam and eve were not worthy, and cursed us.
I agree with all of your conclusions, but I have to correct you on the claim of what "breathed" means. The word used is a verb which literally means "to blow".

http://biblehub.com/hebrew/5301.htm
Isn't it awesome!? 
I'm glad you did your own research and the link but most Christians don't know that words is Hebrew have three meanings. The site you linked is a only has one of the definitions. Most likely they took the old covenant  ( old testament ) from the English bible and reverse read it (comparing the way it is written in English rather than taking it from the same book found in any Jewish temple. ).
That is incorrect. Strong's is the most reliable resource and is provided on that website, along with a number of other resources. All known definitions are provided on that site and the relevant one in this case is "to blow".

Here is the expanded definition from Strong's:
blow, breath, give up, cause to lose life, seething, snuff

A primitive root; to puff, in various applications (literally, to inflate, blow hard, scatter, kindle, expire; figuratively, to disesteem) -- blow, breath, give up, cause to lose (life), seething, snuff. 


If you have some other resource that says something else, please provide it.
I could continue this by tracking down and uploading my evidence that the site is incomplete with it's knowledge of Hebrew words but it would hurt others pride to do so. So I will swallow  my pride with the help of Jesus. So the message will not be lost in a war of information. For it is not my job to prove you wrong but to prove God is right.
I doubt anyone's pride would be hurt if we were introduced to a new resource that contained solid translations of hebrew.

I just find it hard to believe that there is a definition out there for this word which is found only in obscure resources and not in the more widely used biblical hebrew resources. But if it exists...that would actually be a great resource to add to our collections.
Here I hope it helps you. https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://hermeneutics.stackexchange.com/questions/2739/is-breath-of-life-in-genesis-27-is-the-same-as-spirit&ved=0ahUKEwjOy8uKwJrUAhWCMSYKHfIfA-sQFggqMAI&usg=AFQjCNGRyhCvS95L6z04lVRke9ZXba-Qhw&sig2=_63OuNmWbtyKr6kbyO1AzQ . Shalom.


Love each other as I have loved you. Greater love has no other than this: to lay down one's life for one's friends.




Before I got saved one of the most difficult things for me was being emotionally available to others. Wonderful people, who asked very little of me, weren't given a shred of my time, love or attention. Then, when they walked out, I'd just get angrier.

I couldn't see beyond myself, I  always so focused on fixing my own personal issues I blocked everybody else out. Even the people who wanted to help. 

Maybe if I had just taken the time to help others or listen to a voice other than my own, I wouldn't have been so busy drowning in my own issues. 

Through Christ's dilligent work, my eyes have been opened on what it means to be a more loving, selfless person. Now I'm not saying I am loving and selfless, but I'm saying He's brought me a long way from the hateful, selfish person that I used to be. 

In John 15:13, Christ tells us to lay down our lives for ones friends. Lay down yourself, for the people in your life. Living for you and  only you can be a boring, miserable life. The fact that God has given us the ability to communicate, build friendships, form relationships are clear indicators that He wants us to love others. 


I am currently struggling to learn how to be less self-centered and more selfless, the acts of Jesus really motivate me to change and hearing others thoughts also brighten up my day so thank you for sharing this great wisdom! 
Thank you for the encouraging words. 
We all struggle in our Christian walk. Like  you I can say the acts of my risen Lord and Savior Jesus Christ motivates and encourages me.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help. I'll be praying for you :D
I sometimes feel that I'm just the pot for destruction and I am going to be an example for others of how not to live.  All these feelings of worthlessness started when I was raped as a boy.  I got into pornography, philosophies, occultism, but every time I felt Jesus pull me in and showed a little more about how He was the real deal.  The devil overplayed his hand/demonic forces couldn't stand to be around the son of David and lashed out at me when I began to read the Bible.  I grew up with visions, nightmares, and aches and pains throughout my teenage years.  My ex-wife and I agree that I was demon possessed and I did hurt her at one point, have often tried to kill myself or been reckless, but finally got mental health treatment.

I went to a church where I really learned that I had to "forgive God" in the sense that I had unresolved anger that I had to let go of (God didn't need forgiving).  Now I consider myself saved but not born again and I don't find a lot of joy in life.  I feel like a failure in so many ways and I still struggle with putting to death the old man and finding who this new person is supposed to be.  I read my bible but I don't go to church now because I've had a few bad experiences with hypocrisy and speaking in tongues but not having love.  Their favorite verses ate Malachi 3:6-10 at the churches near me.

I just want to reach out to say that I am going through this struggle.  I'm not looking for the answer, really, because I know that God has His will for me, but I don't want to give up and I just need to share what I'm feeling.  I hope it helps that someone will know they aren't the only one.
The Bondage Breaker by Neil T. Anderson. Get a copy ASAP! As you process the book, you will reach the last section which is steps to freedom in Christ. This is the most important part of the book. 

The book itself helps Christians understand the bondage that they fighting because of unresolved sins, unforgiveness, addictions, occult, porn, rape, rebellion, etc. It's a process of confession and repentance. You are asking for the Holy Spirit to help you resolve through the issues in order to experience freedom from the conflicts. You'll also learn in the process of who you are in Christ. It's a great resource.
Wow man.  I'm sorry for what happened to you as a child, but there is some maturity in your outlook and it's clear you have moved on past that trial.  I don't know what "Saved but not born again" means.  If God has changed you by putting the Holy Spirit in you, then you are born again.  God commands us to go to church, so we have to do it.  The right  church can be a huge blessing.  You will get your feelings hurt by the other sinners there though, just as you will sometimes trespass against them.  The Christian life can be difficult at times because we currently battle the very flesh we are made of.  I avoid charismatic/Pentecostal churches and any who seem to over-emphasize money.  I've been blessed to be part of desperately poor churches who needed money, but would not pressure the membership, only to have total strangers write us huge checks out of nowhere (God does provide.)  I've been the guy in charge of the collection at a church where the pastors did not even want to announce collection would be taken, so wound up just passing baskets during a song, if you wanted to you put $ in.  The church I'm at now is reformed.  I think different traditions emphasize different things, for example charismatic churches are all about emotions.  Reformed churches (to me) are all about loving God with your mind.  I get great, thought-provoking sermons and my preacher wants our church to live out the Bible.  Any time you get a bunch of sinful people together you always have drama, don't let it discourage you!  I'm glad you shared and hope you keep sharing.  Praying for you.
Yeah, thanks. Luckily I have support from my previous church and friends from long ago who are helping me in the walk.  I just have days where I don't know what I'm doing or what matters but I am trusting God to lead me.
Sorry to hear about your horrific experiences as a child. I really can't wrap my mind around how disgusting or scarring that would have been... I think back to being a child and imagining that happening... what the hell.. totally screwed for life

So I don't say this lightly, but I do believe every ounce of it - that Jesus is enough. You have a harder struggle ahead than most of us, but the incredible thing is (and you may not believe this right now), but the power of God is enough to mend you. Your progress may be slow and fraught with more difficulty than others, but I believe Jesus is enough 

I can't begin to imagine what it's like to be you but, my best recommendation is - get into your Bible, as much as you can, twice or three times a day if you can. Increase your time that you talk to God. And I highly recommend finding a church that you like. I can verify that God will change you through the reading of his Word, the Holy Spirit will change you and help you and fix you through reading the Bible and communing with God. 

I can absolutely guarantee to you that if you do that, if you seek after God in this way, if you get into his word in this way, you will see some healing

Just as a side note, I do believe Joyce Meyer also was abused as a child (by her own father I believe) - I have listened to her talk about all the junk she had to deal with as a result of that, and the incredible way the Lord is healing her... I do believe she has a free podcast on iTunes...

Hebrews 13:5-6 (New International Version):

Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said, “Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." So we say with confidence, “The Lord is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can mere mortals do to me?”
I really appreciate the reference. I'll look into it.
Thanks for the encouragement
It will be a blessing!

If it helps, the rapture is a 200 year old doctrine with shockingly little basis in Scripture... particularly the pre-trib kind.
Every generation.
Does anyone have the YouVersion Bible app (I am sure most of you do)? I am wanting to find more friends to add on there as I grow best from getting insight from other people, helping them grow in their faith and majority of the people I come across don't have the app. So if anyone wants to become friends on there just message me! :) 
This is a really good idea! I'm down!
Anyone add me! Ninjacam
what's your name?! I will add you :) 
I tried searching your name and couldn't find you ): 

Just right! Perfect! 
It's neither too hot nor too cold.

It's lukewarm. Spirit it out.

;-)
I'd wear it!
Why aren't more people talking about the Satanism and pedophilia from the Podesta emails? The pedophilia isn't as clear as the Satanic rituals but you wouldn't expect them to be in an email. Kind of want to keep that stuff quiet. It's hard to confirm this but I've heard it said that pizza is code for young girls in pedophilia rings. Podesta says things like "my partner is gone for the night I need pizza for an hour." Not, IN an hour but, FOR an hour.
Another email talks about three young girls coming over for entertainment and lists their ages as 7, 9, and 11 years old. That doesn't seem creepy to you?
No one wants to talk about convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein and his private jet called the Lolita Express or Orgy Island either. No one talking about the fact that Bill Clinton is documented as going there on the Lolita Express 23 times and Hillary Clinton is documented as going there 6 times. 
Get on Netflix and watch "Who Took Johnny". Get on YouTube and watch "Conspiracy of Silence".
People think of pedophiles and Satanism as the creepy guy in the trailer park but the truth is it's the elite. The people with political power. 
Remember when Satan tempted Jesus? "Again, the devil took Him up on an exceedingly high mountain, and showed Him all the kingdoms of the world and their glory. And he said to Him, “All these things I will give You if You will fall down and worship me.”" Worldly power is Satan's to give. Wouldn't it make sense for the powerful to be satanists?
A great point to make. I wonder the same. Why aren't more people talking about it? 

My theory is that maybe, Trump's election has been orchestrated by the Creator, for some purpose. May a financial and spiritual revival of America? Maybe the opposite? Maybe it will bring change which will incite another World War? 

I don't know. I hear many things. But I had a feeling Trump was going to win, a year ago when he announced he was running. I think that feeling was the Spirit. And the same feeling is telling me now - 

This is now also a prolific spiritual war. You can tell when you talk to people, where their spirits are, and whether they are 'of this world' or if they have some of God's Spirit in them. 

I think the reason people don't talk more about about these disturbing things arising is because of spiritual reasons. Maybe they are blind? Maybe they do not react to Satanism like the children of light do? Maybe the 'strong deception' is starting? 

But maybe it's to do with spiritual 'scales' on their eyes. Much like when hearing about the news of starving children in Africa, for years you just filtered it away somewhere else when you saw the TV ads. And maybe that was a spiritual reaction? Maybe you'd rather not have to think about it, or it's so far 'out there' that you file it in 'fantasy' or 'fiction' land...

And perhaps behind that reaction, likes the enemy...

Just a theory...

But - what about all the people that are anti Trump, and who are rioting right now? I believe the rioters are Satan's, I believe the are 'of this world', I believe they are being spurred by Satan, by evil spirits... And I think this whole thing is a spiritual battle getting more intense as time goes on...

Which is why I think some people can't explain why Trump got elected. They are spiritually asleep
Because it isn't working. Hillary is one of the lost corrupt politicians in our government and got a million votes
I'm sure the elite Republicans do it too. Watch the Conspiracy of Silence on youtube.
Because you are joining up hypothetical dots in a vast body of emails.  If I got hold of your company emails I'm sure I could do the same.
This is so obviously not true but it's coming up so often on /r/Christian thT I am going to unsub if I see it again.
>  Hillary is one of the lost corrupt politicians in our government and got a million votes

At last count she managed to pick up 61,039,676 popular votes.  But yeah, she is a pile of trash.
The satanism is not hypothetical at all. Spirit cooking is talked about openly in the emails, and marina abramovichs "performance art" is very clearly occult ritual. Even rational/atheist commentators are finding this disturbing. 

Edit: spelt her name wrong
What's untrue? They openly talked about spirit cooking and it sure seems pretty evil after looking into it. 
"Spirit cooking", as far as I can tell, is some weird stuff a performance artist has done.  Weird as anything, but in the same sort of category as [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvMwCvbHHUY).  Dancing in butter isn't occult, and neither is drinking weird mixtures of bodily fluids.  Worshipping idols?  Yep.  Raising spirits like the witch of endor?  Yep. Drinking weird mixtures of bodily fluids? Nope.

Try to base your understanding of what is occult and what is not in the bible.
Podesta's brother sent him an email inviting him to spirit cooking that he never replied. Further emails show he never went. Clinton had no connection to the spirit cooking at all. 
Bible gives us an understanding of Jesus/God, not occult rituals. 

The woman who puts on these "performances" surrounds herself with occult symbolism (baphomet skulls, inverted cross etc.)  Here is a video of her setting up a "performance." 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3EsJLNGVJ7E

I wish i could say this seems like just another whacked out new age artist, but the nature and regularity of these events with people of great power and influence is questionable to say the least. 
Even in the snopes "debunking"  they show Clinton was well aware of spirit cooking and of Abramovic, they just downplay the use of pigs blood and satanic symbolism to claim its false the DNC isn't involved in satanic rituals. Do you have contradictory information that shows Clinton was not aware of or didn't support this bizarre practice? 
>Bible gives us an understanding of Jesus/God, not occult rituals

The Bible equips us for every good work.  I need to be able to understand what witchcraft looks like, so the Bible should at least hint at how to go about that.

I'm conscious that witchcraft, like Satan himself, is an idea in danger of being appropriated by the world.  Satan isn't a red dude with horns and pitchfork.  Witchcraft isn't an old woman cackling over a brew of unsavoury ingredients.

Particularly a performance artist could get confused with the real deal in this way - they have semi legitimate reasons to invoke the symbolism of our culture's view of these things, because art involves making statements by playing with symbolism.

Do you see my concerns?
I can see your concern, and as much as that is a valid way of interpreting the situation, I still see it differently. 
Symbolism is extremely pervasive, and carries a lot of weight. Communion itself is symbolism, but the church (generally) doesn't dismiss it as being irrelevant.  
While I agree that satan is most often subtle and unseen in our daily lives (which should be the primary concern for every christian), these outward displays of pagan/occult symbolism by people of great power is unusual and disturbing in my opinion. 
What kind of statement are these people trying to make by invoking these symbols?? 
Symbolism is important, because it's a way of communicating.  You are right, the symbolism in communion is important, but that's because we are using it to say something about God, our sin, and so on.

I'm not trying to say what she is doing is harmless or morally neutral - you certainly wouldn't catch me doing it - and to compare to what I said earlier, you also wouldn't catch me getting, say, a tattoo of the modern red horned devil.

It's just that it's not strong evidence of a satanic conspiracy.  It looks to me far more like someone using imagery our culture associates with witchcraft to support some new age garbage about "opening your mind" and rich influential figures love risqué arty rubbish like that (makes them look sophisticated), so you see it in the email leak.
When you start to connect this with gatherings like the ones that happen at bohemian grove, and high ranking free mason meetings, i would argue it is strong evidence of a satantic conspiracy. 
I strongly encourage anyone reading this to look into these things further and draw your own conclusions. 
But at this point we'll just have to agree to disagree. Im glad we were able to have this discussion my friend 
I'd argue that we don't have a reason to connect this to those other things..

But yes, thanks for the discussion.
We need to protect the kids.

So basically, within the leaked emails, it has been discovered that many in government are implicated in not only satanic ritual, but child abuse pedophilia and ritual murder.

**This is not a election day matter. As Trump and Hillary are both implicated.**

To get yourselves up to speed there has been a sub reddit created:

/r/PizzaGate

Other sub's dedicated to this mess:

/r/Operation_Berenstain

Or you can go to this link for a summary of evidence:

http://livingresistance.com/2016/11/08/clinton-foundation-involved-child-trafficking-network-investigation/

Its called pizza gate because within the emails, they were using the code word pizza for child sex and child trafficking.

All the info can be found on that sub.

They are trying to stop this information from going viral. Don't let them.

God bless you all. Make sure you let everyone know as its being kept off the TV for obvious reasons.

I assure you its very serious and very real and VERY sick.

Check out the top sticky on the pizza gate sub.

You must also have NSFW posts allowed.

The rabbit hole goes much deeper than "Spirit Cooking" found in the emails a week ago. If your not up to speed on Spirit Cooking, it's a satanic ritual where blood, semen and breast milk are drank. Many emails have top level officials performing this ritual.

Its all in the investigation on the sub.

**This is not a election day matter. As Trump and Hillary are both implicated.**
Be careful, dude - the conspiratorial mindset is destructive.  Try not to get swept up in it.
Yeah, right.
This does seem somewhat off-topic for /r/Christians, but we are called to "have nothing to do with evil deeds done in darkness, but rather expose them" (Ephesians 5:11).  So I'll add my own thoughts.

Until the past few days I've almost never gone to r/conspiracy or r/The_Donald.  Nor do I normally pay much attention to politics in general.  But I think there's solid evidence that John Podesta, the chairman of the Hillary Clinton Campaign, may be involved in child trafficking.  There's a ton of potential evidence but lots of it is either a stretch, or it's downright horrifying (the Comet Pizza stuff) but difficult to connect back to the Clinton campaign.

Here are the parts I think are solid:

1.  These are [police sketches](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/2b/Efit_images_of_Madeleine_McCann_suspect.jpg) of a suspect thought to be involved in kidnapping 3-year-old Madeleine McCann on May 3, 2007 in Portugal.  You can see the image in the [wiki article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disappearance_of_Madeleine_McCann) for McCann.  Although both sketches were originally thought to be of the same person, they bear a remarkable resemblance to [John Podesta and his brother Tony](https://i.redditmedia.com/blbPoLzbn0Bt5-NGygl3eAjhTzD2WR9H6PIrDV4bBss.jpg?w=570&s=528fe8af120f32388a5adcb468783d0e).  Especially notice the small mole above Tony's eye, although it's over the opposite eye in the sketch (an easy detail to mis-remember).

2.  All of John Podesta's emails between Nov 2006 and May 3, 2007 (the date McCann disappeared) have been deleted.  You can see for yourself [in wikileaks](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/?q=&mfrom=&mto=&title=&notitle=&date_from=&date_to=&nofrom=&noto=&count=50&sort=1#searchresult).

3.  John Podesta's [first not-deleted email](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/9364) on May 4, 2007 is someone wishing him "have a safe trip", confirming that he had been travelling.

That's enough to convince me, but to each their own.  So far this hasn't been picked up by any major news sources, but I expect it will before long.  /u/Time2SinTime2Live, you would be more effective communicating this stuff if you didn't sound so off the handle :P
You keep linking to the same website, where else is this supposedly exposed?
I have a lot of proof for what Satanism is.  I don't care to go into it again at this time.  It is rough and makes someone feel horrible learning about, but there are things going on in the dark, and there is proof of it.  

You will find it on the currently second post on my Facebook Page. 
https://www.facebook.com/adam.ramsey.372 
Truth. But this is important.
Yea right what?


Sorry. Spiritual fasting :/

Might be why I'm off the handle. Going on 72 hours no food ...
I don't believe it is true.

If someone got access to everything you or I had ever written, took some commonly used words and pretended they were "code words" for child abuse, I'm sure they'd be able to cook up some story much like this.  What I'd need before believing your interpretation is some evidence that that is not what's going on here.
Yeah, right, I don't believe a word of it, and I think you're gullible at best, but possibly deliberately mendacious. This looks like a last-minute anti-Democrat smear campaign, judging by the thread titles and the "mission statements" of the two subs you refer to.
I assume you were fasting for the sake of the US election?  If so, thank you.
I hope you spoke to a doctor before fasting for so long
http://livingresistance.com/2016/11/08/clinton-foundation-involved-child-trafficking-network-investigation/
Both trump and Clinton are implicated.

Plus, there is mounting undeniable evidence.

Stay up to date:

http://livingresistance.com/2016/11/08/clinton-foundation-involved-child-trafficking-network-investigation/

**God bless.**
I read it, and refer you to my last remark.

edit: to be clear, that's exactly what my last comment was written about.. the link they are posting everywhere.  I think it's a story you could extract from almost any large body of text, if you pretend commonly used words mean something else.

Bless us O Lord; shine Your face upon your children who dwell in an evil world.  A world that murders Your innocents in the womb, a world that took Your covenant of marriage and made it meaningless and then turned it into an  utter abomination, a world that is accepting of demonic religions while turning its back on the Most Holy One.

Help us to enter into Your rest O Lord, for we dwell in a world cloaked in evil, where the leaders are demon possessed to the extent they can no longer hide it or they are so emboldened they don’t even try to hide it.

Give our spirits strength O Lord, for our spirits see Scripture unfolding before our eyes, give us courage O Lord, to endure what You have revealed is to come. 

Give us wisdom O Lord and help Your children to understand how our time in this world is just a mere moment compared to the eternal glory we will experience in Your Kingdom.

Guide us O Lord in the way of Christ, our Lord and our Savior, help us to be a light in a world filled with darkness and growing darker with each passing day.

Open our eyes O Lord to the wolves in sheep’s clothing that hold the highest positions in our governments and in our churches; wolves who are leading Your people astray, wolves who are paving the way for the Son of Perdition. Open the eyes of Your children O Lord; especially the ones who are being deceived by the great harlot who sits on many waters.

Open Your children’s eyes O Lord to the Truth in Your word, to the prophecies You have given us that are unfolding before our very eyes.  

Protect us O Lord from the persecution Your word tells us is coming and from the persecution our brothers are now suffering. Give them strength and courage O Lord to endure the forces of Satan who are now taking total control of this evil world just as Your word tells us.

Bless us O Lord, O Most Holy One. 

Erdogan and the global elites staged this coup in an attempt to justify a major cleansing of all the top secular military leaders, the secular judges, and all of their other secular opponents. They are now in the process of purging all opposition to the Islamification of Turkey.

Another country’s constitution is shattered into dust and the global elitist’s shills are out in full force spreading their lies.

This post is not an attempt to convince anyone of the evil that is taking over the world, you either already know or you probably never will. One can either seek the truth or believe the lies, either way this is a giant leap towards the fulfillment of Ezekiel 38. 

As always, With much love, Your brother in Christ, Pistis.
Thank you Pistis for your time in deep discussions with me and answering some of my theology questions.

I am completely in agreement with you that we are very much witnessing a prelude to much of what is in Ezekiel.  As we see evil increasing, perhaps martial law in places that we never expected it, do you believe the church will be here or at what point we will be raptured?   

Hey man do you have a facebook or something where we can chat further on this subject? 

Im not afraid to put my fake facebook name on this subreddit

Add me: Bananuh j robin
Do you think that other countries will be executing orders to bring about civil unrest in the pursuit of globalization? 
Yes especially the US. We can see it already happening with the Black Lives Matter movement and the fued against the police. You can see that they will be pushing for a federalized police force to be established throughout the country to usher in a "police state" aka martial law. 
I believe the Church (Body of Christ) will be here long enough to suffer persecution in the westernized world (our brothers and sisters have been suffering for years now in many parts of the world).

The Son of Perdition must be revealed first and I believe the Rapture will be right before (or maybe at the very moment of)  the start of Daniel's 70th week. 

The 69th week ended and the Church age began either at the same time or within days depending upon your interpretation so one would think it would work the same way.

Daniel's 70th week will begin when the Son of Perdition makes a seven year treaty with Israel.

Thank You BitChick for the wonderful discussions, I enjoyed them and I hope there are many more.  :)
You can PM me on here, I don't really do Facebook.
Yes, including the USA.
Obama created his "civilian national security force" (google it) back in 2008 for this very purpose. I have seen this coming for many years.
I've really, really, really, really been struggling with my faith for a few months now. I recently moved to Philly from the Poconos and I didn't anticipate how lonely I would be. I haven't found a Church yet, I've been too scared to go on Sundays. I'm scared of new people, and I'm fearful that I will have trouble fitting into a new church. I'm too scared to even go. Now this is taking a toll on my fsith. I'm losing it. I've been finding myself angry at God, angry at myself,  angry at my husband, just angry. I have been having thoughts creep in that God isn't real, that if he is he doesn't care. I don't know what to do. I know he is real. I know that I need help, and I know I need to be a part of a church for a variety of reasons, but the struggle is ridiculous.  How do I make myself do these things when I'm paralyzed with fear and anger?
Well, it sounds like some profound issues are happening, but they can be simplified in a way. I hope you don't take that as condescending. I'm just offering an outside perspective. 

First, you're absolutely dealing with normal influences the devil likes to use to discourage us. Being bombarded by thoughts of fear and anger towards God, are normal thoughts that Satan will push on you. He will cultivate thoughts of anxiety towards meeting new people to keep you at home instead of setting foot in a church. You sleep through your alarm clock on Sunday, the devil wins. You're bitter at God, the devil wins. 

Next, I would like to point out that you sound to me as though you're used to a powerful emotional connection to God all the time. Just my perception. I just believe that due to a powerful emotional start, you expect there to be a strong emotional connection all the time. I'm here to tell you that the emotional part of being a Christ follower can be fleeting. So, we have to cultivate our faith when we don't feel those powerful emotions, when we feel left to our own devices or alone. During this time, I love getting into apologetics. It takes faith and puts a logical framework for us to use in the defense of our belief in a risen Savior. Getting into that logical side of faith helped me in the emotional dry spells, maybe it can help you. Here's a link to Ravi Zacharius! He answers a basic question about why we need Jesus!
https://youtu.be/MTkyOS9fqUE

Lastly, I want to encourage you. God is real, He is watching and protecting you. Your facing a personal tribulation here, and while unique to you, it isn't something you can't conquer through Him that gives us strength.  

2 Timothy 1:7
For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.

Love you bud! Keep fighting!
Have you discussed this with your husband? Does he know about your struggles? It sounds like you're in a echo chamber with your own thoughts and it's not a good thing. Go to a bible study or small group. If you need help, send an email to the pastor of a local church.  
  
Fear & anger only paralyze when we think that's the only way. If you wish to follow God, sometimes, you have to put your emotions aside and simply obey. Not to say you just bottle it up, but rather, walk by faith rather than by what our emotions have to say on the matter.
  
Feel free to be angry at God, it's not necessarily a faith issue. Read about Jonah. That was one angry and upset prophet.
> I have been having thoughts creep in that God isn't real, that if he is ***he doesn't care***.

- “*And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full. And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him*, ***Master, carest thou not that we perish***?” - Mark 4:37‭-‬38 KJV

***
> I don't know what to do. I know he is real. I know that ***I need help***, and I know I need to be a part of a church for a variety of reasons, but the struggle is ridiculous.

- “*But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying*, ***Lord, save me***.” - Matthew 14:30 KJV

***
> How do I make myself do these things when I'm ***paralyzed with fear and anger***?

- “*And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.  And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?*” - Mark 4:39‭-‬40 KJV

- “*And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unto him, O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?*” - Matthew 14:31 KJV


—Remember, Jesus is in the boat with you. And He has a pillow. You'll get to the other side. No doubting. Go.
First off have you talked this through with your husband, does he know how you are feeling. Please don't take offence at this I often do not know what my wife is feeling, I have to ask her to explain in words I can understand. We don't often have disagreements but when we do it often because I haven't understood her.
So spell it out in words that are simple.
2nd, ring/email your old paster and ask him for any churches he would recomend and for phone numbers of anyone he knows.
Contact them and arrang to meet in the nearest car park and go into church with them.

Or checkout christianity explored web site and contact a church running this course in your town. Again you can arrange to met them and attend church with them.

Lastly if you cannot face meeting new people, if the thought is paralyzing you talk to your doctor, even if you have to drive to your old doctor.
Please do talk to your husband, to your old pastor, to someone from a church recomended to you.
Do not be angry at God[James 1:13] /u/versebot He provides everything for you. Do not be afraid of meeting new people. The church should be the best place to do just that. You shouldn't worry about "fitting" I'm a church but rather if that church preaches biblical standards, the biblical gospel, and preach against sin.
I've totally been there before. It's really hard finding a new church and you can feel so hopeless and alone. The longer you're not in church, the further away from God you can feel. What I did in your situation is just force myself to go even with all my anxiety and insecurity. You'll always be glad you did. Also, make sure you and your husband are praying for each other, if not with each other. Just keep fighting and praying and this too shall pass, friend :)

I completey understand. I moved from living about an hour away from my church to a mile away from it, and I'm so scared of going so I havent attended regulary in months, almost a year. It's hard when you feel so lonely and isolated. God bless you and I'll pray for you
Thank you. This has helped a lot. 
[**James 1:13 | King James Version (KJV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James+1&version=KJV)

>[**13**] Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man: 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^DEADLYHIPPO4 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4szjah/struggling_with_faith/d5ia9kp} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4szjah/struggling_with_faith/d5ia9kp} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
I’ve had several visions from God spread out over the last forty some years. If you don’t believe God gives us visions, then please stop reading this right **here**.

This vision started with me in the spirit walking down a hallway about 40 to 50 feet wide and 15 to 20 feet high. There were no doors or windows in the hallway, just smooth walls and a smooth ceiling. The hallway lead to a well lit room that was at least 200 feet long and 200 feet wide, but it could have been miles long and miles wide for all I know because I didn’t notice any walls or any ceiling.

The entire room and everything in it was illuminated by the glory of God, bright, white, soothing, calming, peaceful, indescribable (even with a million adjectives) light, radiating from everywhere and from everything.   

I calmly walked into the room feeling like I had done it a thousand times before, not really paying much attention to my surroundings, intent on going about the work of the Lord. I was not at all shocked or distracted by all the beauty around me, I seemed quite accustomed to it and was content and totally at ease in my surrounding just doing what the Lord wanted me to do.

I bent over to pick up two containers, each one being about the size of three large microwaves stacked on top of each other when I got a very strong feeling of the presence of another in the room with me.

I stood up and saw a lady who looked to be in her late twenties, which is not surprising because all the people in my visions have had this prime of life appearance (I also always appear to be in my twenties). I did not know this lady (but I had missed her ), nor do I believe I have ever seen her before (but I was thrilled to see her **again**), as soon as I saw her I recognized her and knew who she was (although I don’t remember ever seeing her before this moment). My spirit knew her very well, but I knew nothing about her.

Seeing her caused an indescribable (even with a million adjectives) feeling of joy and happiness that overwhelmed me and I could see the same feeling of joy and happiness on her face. I do not know if we embraced at this point or simply held our ground, but the joy and happiness from seeing each other “again” turned into the most intense indescribable feeling of love. I could feel her love (for me) flowing into me and I could feel my love (for her) flowing into her. 

I then found myself back doing the Lord’s work, effortlessly picking up two of the containers and putting one on each shoulder. While I was doing this the lady asked me without speaking: “Are you ready to stay here with me yet?” I answered her without speaking: “I still have a little work to do.” 

I then carried the containers which were illuminated with God’s glory into the hallway which I can only guess goes back to the world. 

End of vision.

I got and still have a very strong feeling that the room was once full of containers and men walking in the spirit have been carrying them from the presence of God into the world for a long time. The containers seem to be filled with God’s word to man and there being only a few containers left in the room and my reply of “a **little** work to do” causes me to say  ... well … you know what.

I have been meditating on this vision day and night since I received it and decided to post it because I do not know if sharing this is part of the work I have left to do. Whatever is in those containers and whatever work I have left to do, I just what to get it done so I can go back to that room and to the lady that I know is waiting there for me.  :) 
i dont have any idea, pray about it, make sure you dont just blindly believe every vision as well, i hope you find some clarification though
Right off the bat I want to say that I am not discounting your experience. I'm not saying it's wrong or not of God, but I would speak great caution until you know for sure what this is about.
So be careful and make sure that you are close to God in all His teachings, and be sure to pray about this and ask Him His advice and teachings.

1John 4:1) Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God: And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.

also be overly careful in accepting whatever comes to meet you. We don't know everything, it could be possible that what you saying is of God, but be sure to shield yourself with the Word of God and test whatever comes.

2Corinthians 11:14-15) And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light. Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.

This is why scripture specifically says to test them, challenge them with Christ and His blood. If they cannot clearly say their love for Christ then they are the enemy disguised as good. Pray without ceasing and keep yourself close to the Lord, and remember that not everything that says Lord Lord is actually of the Lord.
I'd would also advise reading 2 Peter chapter 2, it speaks of even recieving voices from heaven, and how we have even a more sure word of prophecy with the Word of God. Do not become so overwhelmed and taken with the visions that you forget His word.
We are reaching the end of the work that is to be done on the earth.  God has been giving me visions lately too.  One was of my pastor holding a long sickle.  He waved it over the church and our heads were moving like wheat in a field.  He then calmly walked over to the back door.  He opened the door and stood there but no one came in and no left the building.  Then he walked back to the center of the room and at this point the entire room had come together.  We were in a very tight and close knit group.  My pastor looked up to heaven and his face was shining as the ceiling opened up.  The light of heaven shown down around our small group but the rest of the room was dark.

I was a bit puzzled over this vision.  I knew Jesus had a sickle in the last days, but do we as humans have a "sickle?"  Then why did my pastor walk over to the back of the church and open the door and nothing happened.  While I was replaying the vision in my mind the Holy Spirit said, "look down."  I looked down on the ground and hundreds of little snakes were slithering out the back door!

I believe the interpretation is that there is a sifting that will take place in the church now.  We will see an even greater separation of the "wheat from the chaff."  We still have work to do, like your vision, but we are approaching the end of that work.

Also, I had an addition vision where I saw Jesus holding a mighty sword.  It was the largest sword I have ever seen.  He then struck a map of the US and the map cracked.  Then I saw thousands of fat sheep scatter.  Then the sheep became very skinny and they came together in small little groups.  Later I was reading in Zechariah 13:7 and it actually shows a picture of this in that says the sheep will be scattered.  Interesting!

We are approaching some difficult days.  The Spirit of the Lord is speaking to those that have the ears to listen and hearts bent towards Him and His will.  The things being shown will help to strengthen us and keep us from trembling at what is to come.  
I know what your vision means but there's no point in telling you. It's not a message for you or anyone here. I can say with certainty that you surely did not understand the meaning of your vision or it's significance on any level.

Of course, I may be wrong :)
Oh man!!!!!!!!! My beloved awaits <3!!! As a bride so awaits her husband to come, so do I await. For much more work is done before He and I can come.

Thanks, pretty sure I will be pondering on this for years to come.
Thanks for the reply and the sincere concern.

I am well rooted in God's Word and have endured many of the enemy's attacks over the years.

I could write walls of text on how the enemy has tried to deceive me over the years. I have come to the point where I laugh at them and send them on their way.

This vision, is without a doubt in my mind, from God, it has already improved my walk with Him.

I have much to meditate and pray about and hope the Lord will reveal more to me.

Thank you again for your kind response.  
[deleted]
[deleted]
> That is the wrong "spirit" or attitude or approach you are taking.

No it's not. What you don't like about it is that it makes it sound like I am in a position of knowledge or wisdom above that of the OP. Well, I am. The question is whether or not the OP is *actually* here to humble himself and hear something he is NOT GOING TO LIKE. If not, I won't even bother to waste my time.

Just like God.

Lets just say that in this instance the wires got crossed. OP was clearly not supposed to get that kind of vision. He can't comprehend it. It's beyond him. To explain it to him would be to place a stumbling block before him. Do you understand? He would reject what he was told and it would damage him spiritually. Let him figure it out on his own or come to his own conclusions in life, that's the only way he will ever figure it out.
Thank you so much for this, it shows great insight. Your interpretation has filled in a couple spots overlooked in mine.

I am so ready to go, all I can see in this world is evil. I am not afraid,but it is just so disgusting. Everywhere I look I see the evil. I think part of my problem is that I can see the evil when those around me do not.

Oh, sorry for the rant.

May God bless you and yours and keep you until the day we meet in the sky.   
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who are you to question me? You've sent me three replies each one showing more and more how right I was, people like you are simply not ready to hear the truth. You would rather hold on to your opinions and your good spirit. That's fine then! Ask King Saul or Aaron's brother where theit good spirit got them.

The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Proverbs 18:13
Just 2 questions that I think might help others and hopefully we can encourage one another too.


- 1.How do you make the relationship work? / reconcile differences?


-  2.Does it affect your relationship with God?  



And if any prayer requests hopefully we can pray for those too.
I'd like to say something that might help anyone in this situation. 

It would crush me if my wife turned out to be a non believer. But I love her. Sure things would be different. But I don't believe that anger, or ridicule will bring anyone to God.

It's important to show love to everyone. To be an example of Gods love for you to other people. Especially to the person you married.
Serious question,

Why do people assume that God is a Male? Why do people refer to God with a Male prefix? Why would God have a gender or a redundant constraint? If there is no need to reproduce, then surely he wouldn't have a gender?
We refer to God as a male primarily because:

* Jesus is male, and he is God in the flesh.
* Jesus refers to God as "Father".
* When Jesus spoke of the Holy Spirit, the third person of God, he referred to the spirit as "he":

“But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring to your remembrance all that I have said to you.”
(‭‭John‬ ‭14:26‬)

All this simply serves to personify God to us. Some theologians have theories about why the fact that he identifies as male has some impact on gender roles, but that is debatable.
I forgot who I read this in recently (maybe Calvin?), but some theologian argued that we don't know the eternal and any means to describe the eternal to us would use terms and explanations that we don't understand. So the eternal is explained to us, in a watered-down form, using allegories and imagery that we can understand (such as feasts, the Lord's Supper, etc.). That being said, referring to God as a He could just be a way to describe something to us that is actually indescribable. 

Personally, I don't think God has a gender. Because claiming that God is male is claiming that He is not female. That would seem to imply that females are not made in the image of God, at least not to the extent that males are. I can't accept that. 
Funny, /u/BackslidingAlt just gave a good answer in a thread about a joke.  Or rather, he somewhat facetiously explains why people feel we shouldn't use masculine names:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/4dfat1/just_a_christian_joke_i_thought_i_might_share/d1qgc0i](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/4dfat1/just_a_christian_joke_i_thought_i_might_share/d1qgc0i)

"Well neither Greek nor Hebrew really uses gendered pronouns the way we do. Everything is gendered in Greek and Hebrew even things that obviously have no gender or things that have both (like mixed groups). You might say that that's true in English too just less common (ie: Mankind) but that is sexist and wrong and the truth is that all that stuff is the patriarchy and we have to tiptoe around it if we want to not be offensive.

No seriously, in an age of transgender acceptance "misgendering" someone is a major pastoral care issue. Many of the people who care about God's pronouns have been in the trenches with people for whom being called by the wrong pronoun is cause for legitimate panic attacks and PTSD (the last time they were called by the wrong pronoun was while being raped/attacked) so these same people understandably do not want to misgender God.

Words used in imagery for God in the Bible include masculine terms like Father and Lord, but also feminine terms like Wisdom and Mother Hen. The masculine terms may be more common, but that's just because the canon was controlled by men for thousands of years and it is the responsibility of careful readers to listen to the silence in the text and represent the voices that have been drowned out by the patriarchy. That includes rebalancing the scales of feminine imagery with masculine imagery.

But right wing oppressors like you already use more masculine imagery than we could possibly balance out, so for the most part we try to stick with feminine and gender neutral imagery like "Creator."
Early Jews were not all monotheistic, and there is  evidence of worship to God's wife, Asherah. This become a no-no when worship of Yahweh alone and monotheism became common practice. It still makes me wonder however, if she exists, just is not to be worshipped... So I guess I'm just saying this because God, having a female counterpart early on in the faith, must have been made out to be male. 
A very common line of questioning.  Not bad questions.  

God is masculine.  In Genesis it is explained that Man was made in the image of God.  Paul also corroborates and explains Man was made in the image of God and Woman was made in the image of Man.  See Genesis 1 & 2 and 1 Corinthians 11 for biblical reference.  Hope that helps answer some of your questions, praise Jesus.
For all anyone knows he could be a giant,  sentient, gay condom in the sky, or a Flying Spaghetti Monster. 
God is indeed neither male nor female.

We use male pronouns because back in the day male language was understood to be a neutral default. You might say for instance "the next person that walks through that door, give him an easter basket" with full knowledge that the next person could be female.

Now we usually use "them" as a singular in that kind of context
Your explanation is reasonable. I do have my problems with the idea, primarily why he would need a gender at all, but this explains most of it. I do believe it to be personification and gender roles mainly though.

Thank you for the explanation.
Was the last sentence a jab or am I reading that incorrectly? I know it's not towards me, as that was a quote, but who was it towards?
Oh sorry, that was all his words, not mine.  And yeah, he was being facetious towards "oppressors."  He obviously doesn't think highly of feminist attempts to "balance out" the use of masculine imagery.
Guy that wrote it here.

In the original context (a joke) there was a Lutheran who thought he was being very lackadaisical and progressive for not praying before meals saying "He and I have an understanding"

I followed up on the Joke by teasing at my people who are so liberal that that behavior would be considered extremely religious and conservative because of the pronoun.

Nice I love Matthew Henry great set.

Generally, of you insult Christians and Christ, they don't try to kill you.
This is our society atheist proto-Satanist who knows that Christians won't move their fingers on them if they start saying craps against Jesus christ. But Muslim are considered as victims, as pacifist. Most of them are, but they 're not true Muslim. I recently read apocalypse and every prophecy in there are starting to be true. Scary but Jesus is really needed right now
Yeah I don't get this. If there's anything that should not be criticized, it's Christianity -- the only true faith given by god to save us from himself
It's a weird epidemic, idk where your from but in Europe that's what's happening and it's coming over here 
How dare you say something so Islamophobic you oppressive shitlord?!?!?!?/1/!/1//1one1slash

The religion of Islam is obviously a religion of peace and if you disagree you are a privileged Islamophobic shitlord!!1!!11!!one!11!



/s
You should share this post
Islam is regularly slammed by pundits as well as the media. The focus is on Christianity now because of all the "Religious Freedom" bills popping up. 
Lmao i hope you're being sarcastic? 
And I hope you noticed the /s at the end.

Of course I'm being sarcastic.
I have a very strong relationship with God, but He never answers my prayers. I don't ask for a lot. Am I praying the Rosary every day for nothing, or does it actually work for some people? 
Don't pray the Rosary. Just pray to Jesus out of your heart. Talk to him like you would a best friend.
What do you pray for?
There is no Biblical reason or support in praying the Rosary. We are told to pray to God, knowing that he will hear us because of the sacrifice of His Son. Not praying to Mary or Saints. But to God alone, It is he alone that will hear and he alone that can answer.
I one day prayed about having the courage to giving up on a girl that I was obsessed with and two days later I saw a video about a guy giving advice on how to let go 
That was scary for real
Very few people feel God talks to them directly. Mother Teresa's letters were recently published and she expresses some of the same concerns you do. If God really did respond to people's prayers and entreaties it would be hard to find a non believer but as we know, Christians are a minority of earth's population. 

One way to look at whether prayers work or not is to look at what researchers have to take into account to get their experiments to work. Placebos are a very powerful healing tool and have to be accounted for in just about every medical experiment. Prayers on the other hand are pretty much ignored in medical research because they have no effect. Prayers are ignored in all experiments in all branches of science because they have no effect. When have you ever heard a researcher say," Well we had to put up a prayer shield. We had this Christian undergraduate that just wouldn't stop praying and it screwed up the results." In fact no controlled experiment has ever been able to find any effect that could be traced to prayer ever and there are at least millions of experiments done every year that are fantastically controlled. 

You never hear a researcher say to his staff, "No praying do you hear! You will ruin the experiment! One more stage four cancer patient walks out of here cured and you are all fired!" No experimental facility has ever had to close down because it was too close to a church and the congregation was praying all their patients into health and putting them out of business. No casino has ever had to ban prayer ever.

Every person buried under every cross you see in a graveyard was presumably prayed over and prayed themselves.

How does prayer work? Why are there so many stories of prayer working? When a person prays, dopamine and other neurotransmitters are released in the brain. Dopamine makes problems seem less worrisome, people make connections they didn't see before, aches and pains go away, the world seems friendlier - just like when you take drugs because drugs influence the same dopamine system as prayer.

It can seem like a miracle when a person prays and suddenly God presents them with a solution. But the same effect can be had with drugs, meditation, Scientology, other religions, a short intense vacation or a good nights sleep. 

Prayer can make you feel better but if it is not even doing that, I would look for another way.

Good luck finding something that works for you.
There are three answers God gives: yes, no, and later. He may have said no, or later! But he always answers. 
I've watched my grandfather survive 15 years after the doctors gave him a 6 month death sentence. 

I've witnessed a blind man come into a song service and begin to praise God and receive his sight. 

My other grandfather had a cancerous lump disappear over night. 

So yes prayer works, but I've been praying for 2 and a half years for something big that has not yet been answered. I began to wonder this same thing even with witnessing all of this. "Why me God?" I would say I stopped with church even after witnessing all those things. A friend of mine prayed with me one night and I was very reluctant but it hit me. God is not a genie in a bottle I'm where I'm at for a reason. Things happen I don't know why they do but they do. So now I trust in God knowing it's better to have him in my corner to comfort and help me through this then to turn bitter and face it alone. He will supply the peace that passes all understanding. I hope my testimony helps.
This is key. When I started talking to Him as if he was real, that is a critical component of the faith element. 
Thank you, I will do that. 
Well... my problem sounds kind of silly, and is tiny compared to other people's problems, but it's still a problem. I'm 14 years old, way too tall for a girl, and not done growing yet. I started praying because I hoped God would somehow stunt my growth. At first I didn't really have a connection with God and treated Him like some sort of genie, but after a few months I actually developed a strong bond. For six months I didn't grow and I was so grateful and happy but this week I measured myself and realized that I grew 1 cm (which does not seem like a lot, but if you only knew how terrified I am of getting taller you'd understand how terrible that is for me). I don't think I really asked for much, especially that many girls stop growing at this age, so now I'm just confused. 
Ok, thank you. 
Okay, I'm sorry for stalking your account a bit, but it doesn't really sound like the prayer had anything to do with that... you could have just searched up the video whenever. Also, since you were obsessed with her, I'd assume that you did some research on how to let go of girls and just happened to run into it. No God is necessary in that.
Well maybe God isn't so concerned about your height as much as your heart. He has made you a wonderfully beautiful creation the way you are. Just because your friends are shorter and you are not confident does not mean you are any means less of a person. He wants you to show you your worth as an individual, as a child of God. I like to pray something simple, "God, please either change this situation/circumstance/issue or change my heart's perspective on it." He loves you, let Him envelope and surround you. :)
When I pray, I don't pray for answers from God, I pray and find answers within myself. 

Might not be the right answers, frequently it's not. 

I don't ask anything of god because it will not be given. I pray and know god listens because its damn nice knowing at least one thing in this universe is listening. 
I've re-read my answer, it came across as being a bit harsh. I promise you I was smiling as I wrote it! Don't get bogged down with man-made traditions. The Bible is simple and clear on prayer, Jesus showed us a template for the perfect prayer when he prayed the Lords' prayer.  We copy from him, and he prayed straight to the father.
Hi man :)

It depends on your POV. I didn't search for the video or anything. You know, sometimes you watch a video about Call of Duty and the next video is a video of a panda, you know what I mean? Things are pretty random.
And I didn't search anything because well, I didn't want to. 

But I guess some people don't want to see those things happen like you, I understand.

But next time, don't bother sending me a message, you could just have let this thing go and get on with your life. 

Have a nice day bro ;) 
That's okay, it wasn't harsh. Thank you for the advice :)
There will be great earthquakes, and in various places famines and pestilences. And there will be terrors and great signs from heaven. 
What does this mean? What is the earthquake and pestilence they are talking about? Earthquakes are happening now does that mean the end of the age is happening soon? Could some one please explain this to me?
It certainly seems that way. I mean, all throughout history we've had earthquakes, pestilence/illnesses/desease, and famines. But in order to try and match scriptural prophecies with the present day, you must include all that is written in the text. If one of the things written is not occuring, than it does not match up. What signs from heaven do we see? One interpretation could be the Jewish (which should be considered Christian also) feast days and how they are corresponding to significant events. 

I'd also like to go back to what I was saying about the earthquakes, pestilence/illnesses/desease, and famines being so common throughout  history. These things have always occurred in the world, yes. But, never before have the civilizations in the world been so aware of each others daily life, even down to the minute, because of the Internet and the global connection it has brought with it. Thus, we are aware (to a level unmatched by any civilization that has ever lived on earth) of these disastrous things occuring all over the world, almost immediately. Possibly this is what God, through Luke, was saying.
Hi all. I am struggling with the fact that I did not have a very striking or spectacular moment that started my relationship with God. I recently got to watch an agnostic friend become a newly awakened Christian. Her whole world has really changed and she has so much passion for learning about God  that she is doing as much as she can to get involved in our church already even though she just joined. It makes me jealous because her level of passion and true love for God I feel is already higher than mine and I want to be at the same level.

I think I do not have as much passion because I grew up in a partly active Christian family where our participation in church was minimal such that it was usually about once every month. However I was enrolled in a Christian school for my early kid years so I always had daily bible study sessions. Therefore I am quite familiar with the bible and church life. Now in college i have found a church group that is very active and passionate about God. I wish to share the same level of faith as everyone however i find i can't keep up...it makes me disappointed in myself because so many people there have truly been touched by God in a way much different than me. 

I want to feel this deep close connection with God. I desperately want to join in with the others in my faith but I don't know how as our weekly bible studies do not stir a fiery passion in me due to my familiarity with everything already. 

How can i better my faith in God and how can i become a  better christian? What can i actively do to discover this passion? I pray every night and i have begun praying every morning without forgetting but I don't feel I am getting any closer to feeling that special relationship with God.
I was in the same place as you are in the beginning of last year, had spent my whole life going to church just because my family used to go,  I live in Brazil and went to the US for an exchange, there I started going to a church and really got in a deeper connection with God. I was finally actually in contact with him.

Looking back, I think that the biggest help that I had was from my friends, they had such an important impact in my spiritual life, I feel like once you "fit" in the group you're going to, you'll feel more free and be more spontaneous, at least that's what helped me a lot. And of course, reading the bible helps a bunch, just as praying 24/7.

I think that's it, try to focus more on God's word, be around people who seek God and live through His word, surround yourself with things that put your mindset on God.
Sorry if there's any misspelling, I've been lazy writing this, God bless and yeah, your need for that indicates that you're in the right path!

EDIT: format, misspellings
I'm in the same boat, except I'm older. 

I grew up Christian and there was never a time in my life where I didn't believe in God and Jesus. I've never experienced a come to Jesus moment.  For the most part I feel like I have never hit rock bottom in any fashion. God has carried me through every storm in my life. (Though I've had ups and downs, like everyone else) So when a small group or bible study, shares their "Story" I feel mine is really vanilla and uninteresting.  Especially compared to some of the people I know and love. 

My mother was sexually abused by her father for her whole childhood. She ran into an abusive marriage for years. When she escaped she was a single mother of 3 children with literally no where to go.  I don't know much about my "Aunt Mary Anne" but she quite literally saved my whole family, spiritually, financially, emotionally, any way.  She was just a woman who took my mother in, told her about Jesus and helped my mother get on her feet.  My mom eventually meet my dad, I was born a few years later and the rest is history.  My mother is one of the strongest people I know, I am so thankful for her.  

She has such an amazing story, she has overcome so much hardship in her life, raised five great kids.  And while I don't have a story that is compelling as hers, I don't have the hardships either.  So I am thankful for that, and glad I have my vanilla life story.  Jesus and I are just ole buddies, and when I see the 'new kids' finally discover Jesus and come running, I am truly glad for them, but at the same time I feel like I can give Jesus a nudge with my elbow and say "Look at these noobs!" 
We all have a recurring theme here. We all Grew up Christian. One thing to take into consideration is That you cant remember the last time you didn't believe there was a God. Imagine living a life with no purpose or direction for 15, 20 30 years and then realizing there is a God. Most of these people have seen the bottom. They know what they are running from, and thats what drives what they are running to. Freedom in Christ is an amazing thing when you have been close to hell.  Dont be discouraged. Like others have said, Fasting is a great thing. Read about it in the Bible. I fasted for a week with only water. It was amazing! Sometimes I still feel the Holy Spirit prompt me to fast. Even if for a day when I need to be praying for something or someone.
I'm similar. I grew up in a Christian household and gave my life to Christ when I was five.  I backslid in my 20s and returned to God around the time I hit 30, but that wasn't sudden and miraculous either.

Last night we baptised a friend who, until August, had spent his entire adult life in prison or homeless and on drugs.  Then he met Jesus and it has entirely changed his life in a miraculous and dramatic way.  I'm not jealous, but I'd love a faith as strong as his.

God meets us when we step out in faith.  I suggest you find something to do for God that you're scared/nervous of, and step out in faith.  

Job says 'I have heard of You by the hearing of the ear, but now my eye sees You.'  I think maybe those of us brought up in the church have an intellectual faith, so we know God because we've heard all about Him and we know all the stories and all the right answers, but we haven't necessarily met Him. God thought Job was fantastic, that's how all of it started, it's not like he was someone who was unsure, and yet he was still able to spot the difference between following God and something deeper.
You have to take a more spiritual and supernatural approach to it I think.  You don't need to read more or do more bible studies and classes because you've don't that all this time.  The problem though, is that's just telling you about God.  You need to meet him himself, and that only comes from doing spiritual things.

For me, it was very easy.  I too grew up in a Christian family, but we basically did the bare minimum not to make God angry.lol. But when I went to college, a ministry I was involved in did a fast, and that's when I met the Lord for myself.  We were to read through the book of Romans, as well as doing daily prayer and fasting for 3 days.  I wasn't really comfortable cutting out food though, because I hadn't done a fast before, so they said you could simply cut other things.  I chose technology.  3 days in constant prayer, alone in my room, cut off from all television, phone, Internet, etc created the spiritual intimicacy it took for me to have my spiritual experience.  It was nothing special or specific, no visions or voices or miracles.  It was just a realization of the presence of God.  I knew he was there with me, as I entreated him for help not giving up my fast, and I could feel him walking me through the scriptures I was reading, and I became overwhelmed that this amazing God was with me all this time but I didn't know until that day.

SO, why did I say alllll of that?  Do a fast.  Fast from either food or something you really love dearly.  It could also be partial food.  I've done a vegetarian fast before, because I LOVE all meats.   So do a fast, and replace that thing you love with constant prayer and read a specific scripture.  Romans is good, because it talks all about what Jesus' sacrifice did, and the flesh vs the spirit, etc.  Do that and see if you can get past religion and get that relationship.
You certainly don't need the striking or spectacular moment to be a Christian, you just need to believe.  For some people that's a slow process, and its hard to say where things changed, and that's OK, you aren't missing out.

I feel "passion" is a separate issue.  And I think the answer is to read the bible more!  Familiarity isn't a downside it's an upside in that case.
Have you considered investigating different branches of Christianity?  It strikes me that your problem could conceivably lie in the fact that, because you were raised in the faith, you never actually chose it for yourself, and so you might not feel that the particular belief position really belongs to you.

Christianity is old, and huge, and various, which means that there might be some other branch of it which inspires you more than your current one does.
I'm the same way. My whole life I've been a Christian without a single time of being fully atheist or believing there isn't a God.

Best thing it is for people whom have the strength, loyalty, and steel resolve is help others and call out heresy considering it seems like more immoral things are becoming normal and accepted in churches. 

You'll have points where you'll feel passionate but it's like starting a job, you feel great with a new job and work good but overtime you'll be wise and efficient at your job.
Reading the bible is a spiritual thing, an encounter with the living God through his word.
I agree it is, if you do it like that . It can become a very academic and godless exercise though without having that strong relationship built and reading with the Lord.  That was the difference between me reading Romans as a kid, and reading it while doing that fast.  The lord was speaking to me as I read, and opening my eyes.  I even had friends in college who said they didn't believe in God, but read the bible just because they thought it was beautifully written ancient literature.  So it can be a very unspiritual exercise if you're not careful.
Pray for the friends and families of those who have lost lives due to terrorism. Pray for those who heroically continue to fight terrorism. Pray for our President and his aides as they formulate an appropriate response. Pray for Christians everywhere who have the opportunity to minister hope and comfort to bereaved families. "Pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous man is powerful and effective" (James 5:16).

And while we pray for the families of the victims of terror, let's pray as well for the families of terrorists. God's grace and love extends to them too (John 3:16). Pray that God will break through their hatred and that the Holy Spirit will soften their hearts and draw them to Himself in salvation. "Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, that you may be sons of your Father in heaven" (Matthew 5:44)

Type out your prayers below, then up vote and share. Let's make this response a vigil to love in the face of Terror. 

May God Bless You All.
In addition, please pray for the Muslims who will be wrongly persecuted because of the few radicals who acted in such violence, tonight. This was also their city, their family, and their country.
[removed]
No please pray for all the muslims those who are peaceful and those muslims that are responsible for this attack. 

Both need prayer just as much as the victims of this attack. 
*your
Please pray for this hateful person as well! 
 "Who *will* be wrongly persecuted" I'm not only discussing those directly harmed but indirectly because of ignorance and anger. I pray for everyone equally, but directed my prayer to those that will be mistreated. 

Edit:the only part I would change is from *Muslim* to *people.* I know some people who are harassed for their skin tone regardless their belief or culture. 
You seem angry. 
We as Christians need to pray for all Muslims not just those persecuted, not just those who are terrorists, not just those in poverty and not just those who are in health. ALL Muslims need our prayer.

Allah is their God. At best Allah is no God at all. At worst Allah is a demon or even worse Satan Himself. 

You cannot look at Muslim people and just accept them for who they are. The approach that "they are peaceful people let them be" attitude is wrong from a Christian stand point. 

The muslim population as a whole looks at Christians in one of three ways. 1. They see Christians as enemies and are radical and viloent towards us (rare but most talked about). 2. They see us as enemies and do nothing about it (common but seldome talked about). 3. They see us as people outside their faith who can be friends people who can be traded with and do business with but cannot be helped or trusted ultimately. (Most common and is actually what is written in the Quran (Qu'ran 5:51). 

But we cannot be of the same when we (Christians) look at the muslim population as a whole. We must look at them with love. The Muslim population...the entire population...is the mission field my friend. As such we should die for them and pray for them. We cannot convert them, we have no power to save them or bring them to Jesus. But God can do wonders and change the most radical of hearts. 
**Preface-** I am not a Christian, but I have been wondering this for many years, off and on, so I thought I would ask the people here. I wasn't sure if this was the correct subreddit, and if you can suggest a better one, I would appreciate it.

**Background-** This question came about after I was trying to figure out what a working definition of 'life' is as well what a 'kind' is. I grew up not going to church or having any religious faith in my household. There was a bible, but there were also several laughing Buddha statues (my grandma liked them). When I got into high school, my science teacher posed a question that science has difficulty defining: "Is a virus alive or not?" I was always comfortable with saying "I don't know. How can we answer this, assuming we can?" In which case, my teacher would reply with the idea "How can we define 'life' first?" That always got to me, because depending on what is necessary for calling something life, a virus can either be alive or not.

From my understanding, and I could be totally wrong and I am willing to be wrong and admit it, but in the Christian world view, there are definite rules on what life is. And more to it, life is separated into 'kinds.' I have asked Christians in the past "What is a kind?" and more often than not, being from Seattle, they said that it is just the biblical term for "species." However, when I would ask them "What is a panda? Is it a raccoon or a bear? Are they different kinds?" And they would generally get glassy-eyed and not be able to answer my questions. Then I decided to restate the question "Are viruses a 'kind?'" This would indirectly answer my question. However, again, they didn't know how to answer. (Ok, to be fair, I asked only two Christians this, and they are young-Earth creationists.)

**Question-**What do you think? What is a kind? Is a virus a kind? If a virus is a kind, does that imply that a virus is alive? If so, what makes a virus alive? If not, what quality do other living 'kinds' have that a virus does not?

Thank you very much for your time. I don't mean to be offensive, and if you have a better place for me to move the post to, I would be happy to relocate it.
As for created kinds--if you start with a genetically diverse population , you can get quite a bit of variation from shuffling existing alleles as well as through mutations disabling functional genes.  Those are the primary forces that give us all the breeds of dogs, and this process can happen in just hundreds of years or less.  But obviously there's only so many ways to shuffle genes, and so many genes that can be lost before a species goes extinct.

It's also very easy for two populations to lose reproductive compatibility.  Genome sequencing has shown us that most animals have many redundant backup systems that kick in when primary systems fail. As one mechanism, suppose a species has system A1 with redundant fallback A2, B1 with B2, and so on. Geography splits the population into two daughter populations. Because there is little-to-no selective cost in losing a redundant system, over hundreds of years population 1 loses systems A2, B2, C2, D2, and E2 to random mutation. Population 2 loses A1, B1, C1, D2, and E2. When the populations come together, per Punnett squares only 75% have a working A system. Only 75% have a working B system, and so on. 70% ^ 5 is 24%, meaning less than a quarter of the offspring are viable.  

It seems very easy for this to happen.  Beagles and Irish Setters [for example](http://sciencenetlinks.com/science-news/science-updates/dog-breeds/), almost always have failed pregnancies when they mate.

However, allele shuffling and loss are remarkably different than mutation+selection modifying sequences of DNA with specific instructions in useful ways.  That type of evolution is much much slower, and in my opinion far too slow to account for much anything useful at all.  If that were not the case, there would be hype about something better than how it took nearly a trillion reproducing e coli in the long term evolution experiment just to duplicate their existing citrate gene a few times.

This still doesn't give a strict understanding of how broadly to extend created kinds.  Honestly, from the baraminology papers in creation journals I've read it seems hard to tell.  Not that evolutionary trees are all that clear either.

The ability to produce offspring is one indicator often used.  Interestingly even Pumas and leopards can do so, even though they would've diverged something like [11 million years ago](http://www.nature.com/scientificamerican/journal/v297/n1/images/scientificamerican0707-68-I1.jpg) on the evolutionary timeline.
From a creation perspective, and completely from my own opinion I would put viruses into a similar category as organelles like mitochondria, or even plasmids.  I think at least most viruses were originally created good, but since then they have evolved* more selfish roles.  SIV is harmless in some primates, H1N1 harmless in waterfowl, and the unmodified AAV virus is non-symtomatic in humans except it specifically targets cervical cancer and three types of breast cancer cells.  In worms, an endogenous retrovirus is activated in a somatic cell and commits new DNA to the germline in response to heat, and ERV env genes are expressed as a normal part of trophoblast cell fusion--critical for a successful pregnancy.

I have more such examples and can link to sources if anything here sounds amiss.

*But evolution!  The creation position is that it takes huge populations and many mutations just to uncover very trivial gains.  For example, there've been about 10^20 HIV replications in the last several decades since entering humans.  That's more than all the mammals that ever would have existed and evolved from a would-be common ancestor over 200 million years.  In that time the various strains have had around 5000 mutations that fixed in their various lineages--mostly to do with changing the shape of their shells to evade the human immune system.  Although it looks like at least one strain has evolved one or more new protein binding sites--something to do with allowing them to escape cells faster.
Oooh!  Good question.  Here's my 2¢ worth on the idea.  Viruses aren't a "kind" so to speak.  They cannot reproduce sexually or asexually!  They need a host cell to produce more.  My science teachers, public education by the way, referred to them as the closest thing in existence to vampires.  They don't need to eat, sleep, or breathe.  They don't need air or water.  They go dormant without these things until conditions are right, and they can reproduce again.  Then when they reproduce, they have a unique method for doing so.  They inject their RNA into a host cell, and cause the host cell to turn into a little factory, reproducing more viruses, until the cell itself dies.
Weird stuff.
I'm going to say "no" on viruses being alive, or even part of the original creation. They don't bring forth after their kind.

I'd say they are one of many entities that would be referred to as "thorns and briars," which to my understanding only existed after the curse.  This is a wide range of entities, in my opinion, which may well turn out to be false.  But it really seems like they're not anything that was originally made, because all that stuff was able to bring forth after its kind.


Sorry, I answered the question I saw in the title rather than the stuff down below.

No, I do not think of viruses as a "kind." I tend more to think of them as horrible little nanomachines.  Which means I think it is possible that anything else (including a fallen angel) has the capacity to make some themselves.

If a virus was a "kind," I am not sure it would necessarily imply "living."  I mean I have different kinds of furniture but none of it is alive.  There's the bed kind, the table kind, and so on.  

I think "basic life processes" are required to have a living thing, let alone a kind of them.  Viruses don't do life-stuff, like eat, poop, synthesize energy, or even reproduce. (Making another cell reproduce for you doesn't count.)
I would say that they are not alive. They have nothing to do with "kinds". That is a totally separate topic where a kind is something like a genus/species.

If you list the criteria for living things, virii do not meet them. They are inbetween. They are like little programmed machines, but that cannot reproduce by themselves.  They are incredibly complicated (see the youtube video on how HIV  infects a cell) and I think that they must have been created by a very highly developed intelligence. 

I don't think that there really is a Christian position on viruses, just like there isn't really a Christian position on seagulls or tupperware.
I really know nothing about viruses, so I'm afraid I can't answer your question.  However please keep in mind that the bible was written in Hebrew, Greek and Aramaic.  So the writers were using the language of the time as they knew it. 

The Hebrew phrase for "after its kind" is (h4327)מִין miyn.  It is a very studied language so you can look up that reference h4327 to see how it was used.  But the other was never using the term Species in a scientific manner as we have defined them 2,000 years later.

Similarly, Skeptics often reference Jesus saying that the mustard seed is the smallest "seed".  There are smaller seeds, and in the modern day the term "seed" has a pretty complex definition.  But the greek word for seed that he used (kokkos) is also often translated into grain or kernel.  The basic gist is that he was talking to a farming culture and the mustard kokkos was the smallest kokkos that they knew.  

I imagine 'kind' was used in the same fashion.  It was used in a manner in which the culture understood it to mean, and they just did not have all the classifications and species that we have today.  

 
 
I think somewhere in scripture it defines life as anything that has blood, but I can't seem to find where so I could be wrong.
I don't think that is much of a religious question. At the time it was written, people hadn't learned to categorize things and certainly didn't know about microscopic ecology. And they certainly didn't know about evolution. I believe that the word of God was revealed to people in a way that their culture could understand and I would also imagine that the Lord didn't want to spoil things humans had yet to discover. 
If you say that virii are like plasmids, doesn't that give credence to the really bizarre theory that double walled organelles like the two you mentioned were originally independent organisms that then got absorbed and became a vital part of the host?
I am happy that someone answered my question. Thank you. 

So, in your opinion, what is a virus?
>I tend more to think of them as horrible little nanomachines.

Haha I literally just said this in the /r/creation thread. Glad I'm not the only one.
> I think somewhere in scripture it defines life as anything that has blood, but I can't seem to find where so I could be wrong.

It's certainly true that there is a strong association with life and blood, but the bible isn't really interested in defining what kinds of things are life.  The bible is very interested in rules about sacrifices, which is where you've got that principle from: Leviticus 17:11.
It says "the life of the flesh is in the blood" multiple places.

Like Genesis 9:4, Leviticus 17:11&14, Deuteronomy 12:23.
So, what about things like jellyfish?  I don't think they have any kind of blood.  Creeps me out personally.
I don't think it has to any more than any other argument from similarity.
Something else.  I'm not sure what.  Like a fungus is not a plant, but it grows like one.  I had to look it up.  I thought Virus was one of the kingdoms; like animal, plant, fungus, etc. However since viruses are not living, but merely genetic code surrounded by a capsule like container, they are not classified in the living kingdoms.
In a way a virus is like a complex naturally created toxin. Rather than a small molecule (or even a "small" protein) it is a complex chain of DNA. But it is a chemical (just a very complex one) that ends up being toxic to the host.

It's more complicated than that, but that's the way I think about it (though I'm a chemist, so I might be biased!).
That's a good point, but like erythro said above, those verses seem to be referring to sacrifices.
> from my own opinion I would put viruses into a similar category as organelles like mitochondria, or even plasmids.

I guess I'm confused as to what you think, so I'll ask some questions.
 Why are you connecting viruses to mitochondria?  Do you think that mitochondria were separate organisms that got "eaten" and became one with the host? If so, isn't that an evolutionary view of the origin of mitochondria, rather than an ID view?
Mind if I ask if you believe in evolution and modern science in that case? I know how it is categorized in science, but I am curious what the Christian world view of it is, not the secular scientific view. I've known that one for a very long time.
blood implies animal life. Forbidden to eat before the flood. Okay after.
I think humans were specially created and reject common descent, so that pretty much rules out any endosymbiotic view of mitochondria.  I also think most endogenous retroviruses were specially created.  Some appear to create viruses that can replicate outside the cell.  Mitochondria also replicate themselves, although only inside cells.  Thus why I grouped them together.
Creationists generally use the same taxonomic systems.  Linneaus was even a creationist, although almost everyone was in the 1700s.

I help moderate /r/creation .  We have nearly 1000 subscribers and I know at least several are in biology/medical science.  We're private because otherwise we get a lot of hostility from the r/atheism crowd.  If you'd like I can give you access.
okay. I see.  The connection with mitochondria and plasmids was confusing because those are two specific things that evolution says were once viable by themselves and melded with cells by endosymbiosis. (We both think that it is nonsense.)

Furthermore, couldn't you also say that all organelles (except for nuclei) replicate themselves inside the cell?
If Jesus is the son of God, should we still worship Jesus as God. I know he's part of the trinity, so he is God. But should we worship him as God. If so, how do we worship Him, God our father, and the holy spirit.
Yes.  If you read revelation, Jesus as the son of God is worshipped, and yet at the end John worships an angel and is told to worship God alone.  So of course worship of Jesus is allowed.
That would mean that man killed God?
Yes he is God
We trinitarians do. You are technically a part of a different religion if Jesus is not God. Saying he is a big part of your holy text isn't enough otherwise people who believe in the Quran are Christian. After all Jesus is in there. A lot. In this way Islam is like Mormonism or Jehovah's witnesses or some other nontrinitarian sect. Yeah, He's in the book and has the same name, but not the same identity. If he doesn't have the same personality he can't be the sane person and it isn't the same person. If my Jesus is God and yours is not, sorrynotsorry different religion.
This discussion is probably over, but I'll say something either way lol. Yes sir, I think we should. In a simple, probably non-theological, creedal kind of way: it's the reason He was killed (claims to divinity), it's the reason He is seated next to the Father, and it justifies many of us who do. Otherwise it would be late for us.
Yes. Since all three are God, when you worship one, you are worshipping all three also. They are distinct, but when you worship God, all three are included. Hope I'm not missing your point. If so, I'll try to find some resources for you. 

You can also capitalize, "Father", and "Holy Spirit." If you were not sure or were wondering. Otherwise I'm sorry for being nit picking. 
I thought Jesus was more like an avatar. The human body that God was controlling
*same no sane
Then how do you deal with the sin of idolatry? Idolatry is worshipping the physical.  Jesus told us to worship God in spirit. And in truth.
Worshipping Jesus is not idolatry. It is worshipping god. When the bible talks about idolatry it is talking about different religions altogether with their statues and such.
Jesus is God. Not an idol or image that is not God. 
John 4:23-24

23 "But an hour is coming, and now is, when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth; for such people the Father seeks to be His worshipers. 24 God is [e]spirit, and those who worship Him must worship in spirit and truth.”

This is right from the lips of Christ.  Why does he tell us to worship God Who is spirit, and not to worship him (Jesus)?  Wouldn't it make a lot more sense that if God were three, Jesus would have instructed us to worship all of them, the physical manifestation included?

Then, consider this:

Luke 18:19 (NASB)

19 And Jesus said to him, “Why do you call Me good? No one is good except God alone."

And why does the Bible never refer to God the Son, only the Son of God?  
That's what I said
the trinity doesn't actually exist in the bible. it has been read back into the scripture. it's actually a pretty far removed doctrine from when jesus was walking the planet. paul doesn't even talk about it. 

so it's not surprising the bible doesn't mention it explicitly. 

to the point of idolatry, the bible itself has become dangerously close to being worshiped as an idol. people won't drop it, they treat it like it's something special. another interesting sideline...the bible never claims to be the "word of god." it may be "inspired," but "word of god" not so much.
Oops. For some reason I didn't see it on the iPad. Thanks. 
Ok, so if we can't trust the bible, then what can we trust? I don't understand your position...
The bible can be trusted, it's the interpretation of it that gets you into trouble. 

Almost always when people elevate the bible to word of God status, they are talking about their interpretation of it. And while the bible might be inspired, modern man's interpretation isn't. My bible teacher used to always say that the bible isn't a 2nd reader. So just be clear about your question...who would you trust... The bible or your interpretation of it. 

That said, the bible wasn't initially called the word of God it was called a collection of books. We throw "word of god" around like its a thing. 
I dunno man. I tend to trust what is said in the bible in black and white rather than "my interpretation of it". Our hearts are sinful things. I would trust what is said in the bible plainly before I trusted what I want it to say or my interpretation. I haven't had a hard time doing that either, for its all true when acknowledging the context of each verse. 
By the way, the Bible has always been called the word of God. Would you like me to start referencing?
What language is your bible in? Even a translation is an interpretation. 

>  I tend to trust what is said in the bible in black and white rather than "my interpretation of it". 

Can you tell how you make the distinction between what's black and white and what's your interpretation?
Go for it. 
I know where you are going. The language thing is tricky. After all, I know there are a lot of bad translation that have survived to bibles today. Actually, bad translations have led the Church astray. Not observing the Sabbath is a good example of that. 

To answer your question the ESV works OK for me, but even in that I know there are bad translations. I listen to what the Bible says, plain and simple. Everything that confuses people in the bible and makes them want to have their own interpretation is simply not understanding the context of when it was said, who it was said to, and why it was said. 

However, end time prophetic verses are probably the only sections of the bible that really need to be looked at with interpretation. I can definitely admit to that. After all, we're suppose to be reading those verses with one eye and comparing it to the world today with the other. Revelations and Daniel especially. 

What topics discussed in the bible do you feel are open to interpretation outside of prophecy?
2 Timothy 3:15 - 17.

Mark 13:31 (Jesus, our Savior speaking)

Job 26:7

Peter 1:25

Pretty sure there are a few more verses out there in leaving out. 
> What topics discussed in the bible do you feel are open to interpretation outside of prophecy?

I think, for starters, whether to interpret the bible as literal or not would be a good start. 

I know, I know..."you figured this would go there"...but seriously, you have to realize that taking the biblical stories literally is indeed an interpretative choice. And while you might counter by saying that if you can't take the bible at face value, than how are you supposed to know anything about it for sure, I would counter that by saying: study.

The main argument for literalism is that once you make a choice to only understand the bible figuratively, it's a slippery slope to interpret it only the way you see fit...and so, you can twist it and use it any way you like. This is true. And choosing to only see it literally you are doing exactly that. Not only that, but many who take it literally do so inconsistently, i.e., some things are taken literally and others taken figuratively. This decision to skirt literal v. figurative is usually made based on "context." This is fine...but I would just go one step further and say that the entire bible has a context which needs to inform every decision about how to understand it.

Listen, if you believe that there is a Guide who helps you understand when you seek his Truth, and that this Guide is omnipotent, omniscient, and is Truth Himself, then approach the bible knowing that you aren't left to your own devices. Reducing the bible to a literal interpretation limits what God has to say to you. If you look at the stories in the bible as stories with Truth in them at many levels, then it doesn't matter if Jonah was swallowed by a whale or whether or not he even existed at all. It's a story rich with meaning...in many different contexts and therefore very applicable to everyday life.

So, that's for starters.

Sorry, that's not what I meant. I know there are internal references to the scriptures bring the word of God, but those don't count since any reference to itself is circular. 

I'm looking for external references. 
Lol. Should have figured. I have to go to work now. I'll get back to you later brother.
i'm not sure what you've "figured."

the bible, as we have it, has not historically been referred to by those who put it together and later those who studied it, as "the word of god." that's all i'm saying. 

many have found the word of god *in* the bible, but the bible itself, the collection of books that we have come to know, has not been referred to as the word of god. this is a new development.

the scriptures you are quoting indeed refer to the scriptures as the word of god, but that ain't the bible. and even when they refer to the law, prophets, and poetical books of the bible as "the word of god," it never meant that it was the *literal* word of god...those references refer to the word of god contained there.

so when you say the bible is the "Word of God," you are codifying it in a way it was never meant to be. when the christian bible was created, it was not put together as the word of god.
No need to be so condescending man...
I'm going to go ahead and end the convo. Don't really feel like arguing this with you right now. Got a lot going in my life, and really was too tired to even start this debate, let alone continue it. Not trying to cop out because I'm inable to counter. Truth be told I've got a lot to say. Just tired. Take care and God bless.
I'll be up front about my religious viewpoint. I consider myself atheist, agnostic on good days, but I feel that there is a certain level of ignorance in my beliefs, as I was raised without the influence of a religion and therefore was never taught it the way many people were. I like to keep an open mind and learn new things, and if anyone has an extra copy of the Bible then I would be thrilled if you would be willing to let me read it. 
Hey buddy, PM me. BTW there are apps for your smartphones too lol
Thanks for posting and being honest about where you are at! It's refreshing to hear that even though you are an atheist you are interested in at least having a bible check against. 

Here are a few links to receive a free copy:

http://www.bftw.org/Resources/RequestABible.aspx

http://getafreebible.com/bible-request.html

http://www.myfreebible.org/RequestBible.html

If you stay at a hotel/motel resort any time soon, Feel Free to take the Gideon's Copy of the Bible in the drawer.  The Gideon's put it there for that purpose, it's not stealing, it's like the shampoo. Even if you don't stay at the hotel, I'm sure if you ask the guy at the front desk, he will let you take a copy.  

Any church will also give you a free copy of the Bible.  You get a free coffee mug at my church also. 

If you are wary of signing up from any of those sites and can't make it to a hotel/church, send me a PM, I will mail you a bible, no strings attached. 


NIV is easier to read an understand than a King James in my opinion. .. especially a study bible. Just something that helped me when I didn't really understand the standard version :)
Go to a local church, they'll have a bible you can have. 
[biblehub.com](http://biblehub.com).  You can read in the original language along with your language.  Why King James?  Better yet, go to any used bookstore and get a concordance.
If you havnt gotten one already, PM me! 
There are also some really good testimonies and you tube videos to listen to. For instance this is ten minutes http://christophersmiraclestory.blogspot.com/2012/11/newa-visible-testimony-after-miracle.html
And ...if you have the time watch ( YouTube) Bruce van nattas testimony. Or...present shared near death experience Scott walker. Just ten or fifteen minutes. If you like them reply back there are several others I'd recommend. Dr Neal, Ian mc cormack, heaven is real ( the little boy who met his dead sister he was never told about). 
Personally I think asking questions specifically can really help for growth (ex-atheist here) and I am more than willing to answer any questions you have in general or when you start reading your bible (as it can be a tough thing to understand). I've also found https://lumina.bible.org/bible/ this a great place to read as it has different versions, including KJV, with notes and the greek/hebrew to get a more literal translation, I hope some of this can help you :)

This should be posted on r/Christian_ancaps as well
I have been trying to live the celibate gay Christian life for over 23 years and I wanted some advice on how to do this. 

It is hard because a lot of other men find me to be very attractive and I find it hard to resist for sure. I really am a Christian and want to follow Christ but I find it exceedingly hard to do so when it would seem the only option is a celibate life. 

It's just the worst to be honest because I always feel alone, and as it says in the Bible, "Man was not meant to be alone". How can this be the life that was meant for me? 

Why do I have these feelings it doesn't make any sense that I would be forced to a life of loneliness and sadness. 
This seems incredibly difficult man. I can only imagine this challenge and I will pray for you.

There was something posted recently by a lesbian Christ follower that expressly talked about her struggle with this. I'll try and look it up, I'm on mobile atm.

She basically said that she tried the "pray away the gay" camps, still a lesbian. She tried dating men, when physical intimacy came up, she fled, still lesbian. She tried to look at the Bible through revisionist eyes, and still came to the conclusion that homosexuality isn't an option. 

At the end of it all, she decided that her role in life was to have very close friends and look for fulfillment and purpose in other ways. Christ centered ministry was the primary outlet that she decided upon, and keeping close friends that were accountability partners (in life in general, not just for homosexuality). That was the path she arrived at.

As to feeling alone and desiring physical intimacy with men, idk anything about this really. I've heard of hormone therapy as a possible solution. I have no idea if this just completely makes you want to gag or hate that I even mention it, but I'm honestly just trying to offer solutions. Maybe desiring women and developing a relationship with a woman might be a solution, but I have no idea if that's even possible.

This will be a very difficult task, whatever you choose, and I can't imagine the loneliness. Again I'll pray for you.
Have you been to /r/openchristian? They might be able to give you more ways to cope. 
OMG this is so fascinating! I have a quick question and possibly a suggestion to assist. First off, do you feel that in order to be happy as a human being that you have to follow the word of God? If so, do you feel that your natural tendencies cause you to fall in conflict with how you should live your life? The reason why I am asking this is because I don't think this is any different with any of us because we all have tendencies that conflict with the teachings in the bible (pre martial sex, drugs, back biting, lying and etc...). So life is a struggle fighting some of those tendencies. Maybe your struggle is to fight those tendencies as well? Maybe you will only find happiness once you have completed control of your urges? In all honesty however being that you have been dealing with this for 23 years those feelings won't go away so now it must comes down to raw physics. Something has to give and if you're sexuality won't change then change your beliefs so that it is not in such harsh contrast with your way of life. You could also do what some other people suggested and perhaps just accept that you'll always have this struggle and pray that God understands in the end. You have to do what makes you happy because at the end of the day if you are not healthy it will manifest in different (possibly negatively) ways in your life and also possibly negatively affect other people in your life as wellAlso, not to sound too cliche here but know that you have support, you are loved and you deserve to be happy. Best of luck brother...
Don't be alone. There are liberal christian churches that will accept you unconditionally. Join one. 
I have a friend who is living this out right now. His blog is www.moorematt.org. He's been blogging about his experience as a Christian with same-sex attractions for a few years now, and he offers some solid insight into various theological and cultural circumstances.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=979513475412891&id=100000627432884


Talk to members of your church community, they can help you better than the internet.  This is the sort of thing best dealt with by actual conversations.  You aren't alone, and you don't need to feel alone, you have a community of brothers and sisters by your side supporting you and cheering for you.

http://www.livingout.org
I can relate I'm also a 23 year old guy who is a Christian and struggles with homosexual thoughts. (hence the throwaway) I know the difficult place where you are coming from. Here are a couple of things that I've learned that I hope may help. First off, know that you are loved so much no matter what your thoughts are by The Creator of the universe. A lot of times in life we only accept the love we think we deserve. And for me because of my thoughts and feelings towards other men I use to believe I never deserved God's love. So I always had him at arms length. Also, you are worthy of that love that He has to offer. He is was willing to sacrifice His son for you on the cross in a brutal death. Furthermore, you are not forgotten. He knows the struggles that you have endured and His hearts breaks when you're hurt and feel abandoned or alone. And in those times it's so important to ask for God's comfort. 
All praise to God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. God is our merciful Father and the source of all comfort. He comforts us in all our troubles so that we can comfort others. When they are troubled, we will be able to give them the same comfort God has given us. (‭2 Corinthians‬ ‭1‬:‭3-4‬ NLT)

Even though we are made white as snow through God's mercy that doesn't give us the right to comfortably live in sin. So I commend you from wanting to stay away from gay relationships. 
For you have been called to live in freedom, my brothers and sisters. But don't use your freedom to satisfy your sinful nature. Instead, use your freedom to serve one another in love. (Galatians 5:13 NLT) 

However, there is hope. God will repay us from what is sacrificed for Him. It may not look exactly how we picture it. As mentioned in a bother comment one way God can do that is through friendships. 
“Yes,” Jesus replied, “and I assure you that everyone who has given up house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or property, for my sake and for the Good News, will receive now in return a hundred times as many houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children, and property—along with persecution. And in the world to come that person will have eternal life. (‭Mark‬ ‭10‬:‭29-30‬ NLT)

I hope this helped. Know that I'll be praying for you and if you need anything feel free to ask. 

Also a book that really helped me was called Desires in Conflict by Joe Dallas
my advice would be to ignore those parts of the bible the same way we ignore virtually every other part of it. it was written in a different time and place for different people. you literally can not function in a modern world and follow those rules. try telling your wife she has to stay in the shed while she's on her period. see who ends up sleeping in the shed! follow Jesus's instruction to love god, and to love your neighbor as yourself. 
I admire you so much right now. I can imagine that it's really hard for you. Please remember God can do anything even change our hearts. Sometimes we need to think if we love God more or the sin. He loves us but he will also ask us to give up certain things for him. I can't remember exactly what verse but jesus does say "deny yourself and take up your cross and follow me" it's hard im sure but this is just a small portion of our lives. It will be worth it all when we stand in front of our savior. 
OP, look into "side b" Christians -- these are gay Christians who do not seek to change their sexuality (which I think is incredibly harmful, and unnecessary, despite what others say; these people **are** Christians), but aim to live celibate lives. 

I know there are a lot of gay Catholics out there, specifically, who deal with this -- you can maybe ask /r/Catholicism if there's anyone who can talk you through it. 

Most important, though, remember that you can have close relationships without sex. You can have people to whom you can be truly open and share your life without ever having sex with them. There *are* friends that are that intimate out there (and I have no idea why that level of intimacy became reserved for sexual relationships; I don't think it always was).
Dying to yourself daily is the only way, there's lots of comments here to help with coping. But I'd like to iterate that specifically. Put your sin behind you, and if it tries to capture you, remember that Christ's death on the cross freed you from your sin.

Read John 8: 3-11: *"go, and sin no more."*
Try http://www.comingoutministries.org/
I'm a 25-year old gay Catholic man and want to say that you're not alone in your struggle. I've been trying very hard to pursue a celibate life, and while I have fallen in the past, I remain committed to Scripture. One resource I would HIGHLY recommend is Eve Tushnet's book, Gay and Catholic. She has such good, honest insights into living a celibate life in the face of same-sex attraction. Some particularly poignant tidbits that speak a bit to your question about making sense of the loneliness and sadness:

"...our suffering does have meaning and can be offered to God. It can unite us with Christ's own suffering and conform us more fully to him. We can't always see this while we're in pain; a lot of the time, you do have to just put your head down and endure. But there will be times when you can begin to understand your suffering and see it as part of your relationship with God." pp. 175-176 Gay and Catholic

Eve also writes about how, all too often, we are tempted to think that pain or anguish is a sign that we're doing something wrong, when in fact that is not necessarily the case. "Imitation of Christ is the task of all Christians, and many of us are not spared the most painful parts of that imitation" (p. 200 Gay and Catholic). And finally, "He [God] knows the pain and pressures you face, and he is thrilled by every movement you make toward him. Nothing you do for love of him is insufficient or pointless" (p.200 Gay and Catholic). 

I encourage you, as I have to encourage myself every day, to keep struggling, and don't be afraid to "lean into" the discomfort, because this path is not supposed to be easy, and we know as Christians that there will be PLENTY of trials in this life that will tempt us to abandon our faith. But as long as we maintain our faith in God, we won't be led in the wrong direction. Instead of focusing so much on your loneliness, remind yourself that you already have all the love you could ever need in the Lord. And what's so beautiful about this is that God's love, unlike the love from other men, is eternal and unlimited! What this means is that, if we are strong in our faith, we have the ability to share God's eternal love with others. While I have had many moments of extreme loneliness, what has always helped me is to remember how much God loves me and how much He wants me to, in turn, love others. And this does not have to be romantic love. I challenge you to redirect the desire for love you wish you had in a romantic relationship into forming stronger, deeper and more Christ-centered relationships with your friends and family. A life of celibacy certainly does not preclude one from loving others. Perhaps part of God's purpose for you in this life is to form friendships that transcend romantic love...

I will pray for you, brother. God is good, and He loves you more than you can imagine, without caveat. 
These words might sound harsh but Its not possible to be a christian and gay at the same time...

My advice would be to seek help to get rid of the urge to be gay rather than to try and live with it.
I'm sorry to say it, but a gay Christian life, I just don't believe it exists.  As the saying goes, God did create Adam and Eve.  There is not a single instance of a man God revered as a holy man who was a homosexual.  The Bible says a man must leave his family and cleave to his "wife".  Not to mention it says more than once that homosexuals will "inherit the lake of fire".

The problem that prolonged sin can create, is that it becomes our identity.  Because you've dealt with this for so long, you've decided you ARE gay.  Rather than being a child of God created to be heterosexual, but having gay thoughts from Satan designed to destroy you.  You and your sin have become one.

Think about this, why would God be so clear about the punishments coming to homosexuals, and then create people with no choice but to BE homosexuals? Why would he create body parts perfectly designed to procreate between men and women, and call us to "be fruitful and multiply", but then make this impossible to do between each other?  He wouldn't.

Therefore, man isn't meant to be alone.  He's meant to be with a woman.  This is clear across scripture.  I myself am a porn addict...I've been this way since I was maybe 12 or 13, and I have yet to over come it (I am also 23).  I will NOT just sit here though, and say well maybe I'm born this way, and I have to just live as a "christian porn addict".  You can't let sin become your identity.  That's why you're feeling alone, and feeling like God's word has forced you into loneliness.  Because this sin is not meant for you.  It's not from God.  That's a lie from the father of lies.  He wants you to believe that, stay in your sin, and  be destroyed.  God's anointing can break ANY yoke.  There is freedom for this, and I really hope you reach out to someone and find it...I sadly don't know what it is, but I believe God can do all things, including this.
I am provided to be ready for the downvote brigade by those who attempt to obscure the TRUTH!!!  But your unnatural desires are proof positive that your soul is destined for hellfire, but it is not too late for you yet!!!  REPENT!!! and throw off your unnatural desires....REPENT and be born again in the light of our LORD!!!  Even one such as yourself, who has fallen so low into the gutter of the Godlessness of our current times....much like Rome before the fall...Even you SINNER!!!! are worthy of forgiveness if you would just cast off your sinful ways!
>This seems incredibly difficult man. I can only imagine this challenge and I will pray for you.

Let me say many of us agree with this. The biblical standard of sexual purity is difficult for most people, gay/straight/ or whatever. I don't know if this helps, but Jesus himself mentioned people that choose to be celibate for God (see Matthew 19:12). As the body of Christ, we need to lift each other up in prayer and encourage each other through tough issues like this.
Thanks I appreciate that link! :)
I've heard of this but I still don't understand how they can condone a homosexual lifestyle when they have scripture saying it's wrong
i mean shrimp is good. pork chops are good. mixed fabric blends are good. being able to turn on the lights on saturday is good. how is this any different? because some people think it's icky? come on. grow up.
That's just not true though...just because God's word is difficult to follow doesn't mean he's suddenly going to honor us for choosing which of His commandments we want.  That's a cop out.  Now, when it comes to telling your wife to stay in the shed on her period, I've never read that.lol  But /u/spuncookie mentioned shrimp and pork.  This is a commandment given to the Israelites at that time, but Jesus in Mark makes it clear that it doesn't matter what goes into the mouth, but what comes out of your mouth, meaning GOD can choose to change what's important.  In the New Testament, a lot of Old Testament rules just placed there for order were not emphasized after Jesus came, because other things were important.  BUT, homosexuality is said to be forbidden over and over again all throughout the book.  He specifically says what will happen to people if they participate in it.  It's not because it's icky.  We can't ignore that one...that's like saying a lot of people are killing these days...maybe the church just needs to kill sometimes.lol
That's what I don't get about gay marriage..if it is a sin why am I having these temptations EVERY day??

Not only that, why do I feel so terribly, terribly alone? It doesn't make sense if God truly wants me to be happy. 
That's like saying it's not possible to be a Christian and ***insert sin here*** at the same time.

We are not Christians because we are without sin, we are Christians because we need the love and forgiveness of Christ, His all-powerful transforming presence in our lives and hearts, daily. Sin is sin. And it doesn't matter if it's homosexuality, lying, or murder, Christians struggle with sin too. **Christ forgives your sins, go and sin no more.**
urge to be gay.... the urge to be gay.... no body ever wanted this. who would ever choose to be hated by so many people? to be thrown out of your family? to be killed on the street? are you kidding me? urge to be gay. it's not a club you join. any attempt to change it tends to cause FAR MORE problems. that's just not how it works kid.
You know not every gay person chooses to be gay, right?  That is like saying you can't be Christian and have depression, or be Christian who can become addicted to alcohol but doesn't drink it, or whatever else. It doesn't work like that. It sounds like you either do not understand what gay is, and/or you don't understand about sin and God.
Not a christian, not gay, I'll tell him to ditch the thing holding him back before telling him to change everything about his life.
Wow...just wow. I'll I am going to say on this one is that this is why so many people are turning away from God. 

Matthew 7:1-5 Judge not lest ye be judged.

Beattitudes: Take the plank out of your own eye before you take the speck out of someone else's eye. 

If you want to win people over to Christ try being less of a thumper and take on the attitude of Christ. This infuriates me, you don't know me or my life and where I've come from.  
If 
You are literally the worst haha
Not for you to decide the rightness of it, that's between them and god.  
That's just not true though...just because God's word is difficult to follow doesn't mean he's suddenly going to honor us for choosing which of His commandments we want.  That's a cop out.  Now, when it comes to telling your wife to stay in the shed on her period, I've never read that.lol  But /u/spuncookie mentioned shrimp and pork.  This is a commandment given to the Israelites at that time, but Jesus in Mark makes it clear that it doesn't matter what goes into the mouth, but what comes out of your mouth, meaning GOD can choose to change what's important.  In the New Testament, a lot of Old Testament rules just placed there for order were not emphasized after Jesus came, because other things were important.  BUT, homosexuality is said to be forbidden over and over again all throughout the book.  He specifically says what will happen to people if they participate in it.  It's not because it's icky.  We can't ignore that one...that's like saying a lot of people are killing these days...maybe the church just needs to kill sometimes.lol

Btw, I don't think turning on the lights on Saturday was ever condemned in the Bible.lol  Where is that one?
I believe your intuition here is correct. I have a hard time believing that the spirit of the Gospel is really about sexual policing. And I'm not the only one that believes that: there are plenty of Christian denominations that accept homosexuality and which, for example, allow gay pastors and gay marriage.  ELCA Lutherans do (look for a Reconciling in Christ congregation), Presbyterians do as well, [these denominations do as well](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/07/02/where-christian-churches-stand-on-gay-marriage/), not to mention many more. 

While Bible thumpers pushing for their own brand of literal interpretation will say otherwise, the Bible is genuinely a complex and often difficult to understand text. 2000 years of theologians have read and debated on assorted Christian topics and at the end of the day, it's just not clear that the Bible really is coming down against homosexuality or premarital sex (or whatever other sideshow issue comes up to distract from deeper callings to stand against violence and oppression and poverty and stand for love and reconciliation and....). If some half literate ruralite tries to tell you they know the deep truth of the Bible and that that truth is that you were born wrong -- well, the best thing is to know better than them.

That's sort of a bother though. Taking courses in theology is time consuming and potentially expensive (though there's opencourseware nowadays, etc.) and it's hard to know where to start with theology. But, might I make a more simple recommendation: pick up a copy of the Oxford Annotated Bible. It's a copy of the Bible that is heavily footnoted, explaining every reference and providing context throughout. It includes essays from noted scholars analyzing and explaining different portions of the Bible in a deep and thoughtful way, considering it in the broader context of when the Bible was written and in the broader context of the religion as a whole.

But whatever you do, don't listen to the people in your life trying to tell you your sexuality is your cross to bear and that the deep meaning of your life is to struggle against it. If someone tells you that, all they're really doing is revealing their own priorities - priorities which apparently put dealing with sex stuff well ahead of helping their neighbors (local and global) that are starving to death, rotting in poverty, being oppressed by systematic and violent racism, suffering from brutal war, being subjected to rape and humiliation, literally watching their home island drown from rising sea levels, being trafficked into sex slavery.... the list goes on and on. It takes a small mind living in a small world to look around them, turn on the news, and think "ah, yes, the real burden we must grapple with is the desire for sex, not our complacency and complicity with whatever is going on out there".

Edit: Also, this: http://tobingrant.religionnews.com/2015/07/03/40-questions-for-christians-who-oppose-marriage-equality-guest-commentary/
*Romans 9:20 But who are you, o' man, to talk back to God? “Shall what is formed say to the one who formed it, ‘Why did you make me like this?’”*

Simply put, this is your "cross to bear" as it were. Everyone struggles with sin and temptation, or do you not think Jesus was hungry when in the desert for 40 days?

Everyone has their own struggles, for some it's stealing, for others it's lying, or hatred, for some, it's lust - which includes homosexual temptations. The Bible is abundantly clear on the matter, you know that I'm sure, which is why you're here asking questions. Which is a good thing.

It is your task to overcome those temptations through Christ's grace and power in your life.

As far as being alone goes, God answered that in the beginning.

*Genesis 2:18 The LORD God said, "It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make a helper suitable for him."*

God then made woman, from man.

Think of this picture? A woman was a piece taken out of a man. Therefore, it would be reasonable to conclude that a woman is the piece that makes a man whole, right?

Read 1 Corinthians 7, give special notice to this verse: *"But since sexual immorality is occurring, each man should have sexual relations with his own wife, and each woman with her own husband."*
It's not that it's impossible to be Christian and sin, but it is impossible to be a Christian and accept it as an identity.  OP is asking how he can continue to be gay and a Christian.  That's not possible.  The only way his sex life can go on successfully in a Christian lifestyle is to tear down that strong hold and live on without it.
> Christ forgives your sins, go and sin no more.
But if you keep accepting that you are gay then you are still sinning.

saying i am a christian and i choose to be gay is oxymoron.
And of course choosing to be gay is not a choice but if you accept it as your fate then you made your choice.
Just because you don't choose it doesn't mean you don't have to get it fixed.  If you catch a disease, you have to take medicine, or you'll die.  That's what sin is. It's a spiritual disease, one everyone has in different forms.  OP got the disease of being gay, I got the one of lust and porn addiction, some people get alcoholism, some people are cleptomaniacs...it's all just sin that we may not have chosen, but God's word still commands us to use his power to crush it.  We're all born into sin, so we have to die to our old selves...
I really don't mean to be mean at all when I say this, but if you're not Christian or gay, you really can't offer much help here.lol  I mean, this is /r/Christian after all.
I don't mind being judged.  The Bible never said to ignore sin in your brother.  He called us to point it out.  But I don't mind being judged.  I told you my sin for the same reason.  I don't wat you to think I'm any better than you.  We both have work to do.  But we can't ignore Gods word.  I know it makes you upset o hear.  That's what we do when we love someone.  We tell them the things that hurt, but may save your soul.  His word is clear.  Man is not meant to be homosexual, so why live your life relegated to either abject loneliness in sin, or living out sinful relationships?  Don't you believe you can e free altogether?
I can understand that, but I still don't understand doing the opposite of scripture. I don't get how it's rationalized
I don't disagree. I think we're arguing semantics, as I believe I mentioned elsewhere in the thread.
If you act on sinful nature, you're still sinning.

I don't think "gay" is an identity, I think it's a lustful desire, which lots of people struggle with.
I can't understand why it is even a problem for you. How many times does Jesus ask his followers to look after the poor? How many times does he ask his followers to stick his nose in the business other's relationships?

Go find someone homeless and give them a sandwich.
You mentioned you don't think he's actually accepting homosexuality as a lifestyle but he just has homosexual temptations, but the beginning of the post is "I've been trying to live the gay celibate lifestyle for over 23 years".  He literally says he's "trying" to live out a gay lifestyle as a Christian, and that's where my disagreement comes in.  We're not called to make that work...
I understand your point but you can't accept it like a lifestyle. If i sin lets say stealing. If i steal and accept it as my lifestyle and have no plan in changing then i live is sin by choice and then i wouldn't be able to call myself a christian.
Don't assume I don't dude, I work on my short comings. Just help me understand
Again, I agree with your sentiment. I just disagree with your interpretation of his words, if he did mean it that way, hopefully he'll see this and understand the difference.
Sure, I'd agree with you if that was the case. But I don't think OP meant it in that way, it definitely sounded like he just struggles with homosexual lust.

It's borderline semantics, really. One person says "I'm gay and I know it's wrong." another says "I have homosexual temptations." yes, you are right there *is* a difference, but I just didn't want to pick at words. I'd rather try to help change the lifestyle.
I don't even dwell on it. It doesn't even register on my radar as an item of concern. It's between them and god. 

Further, I am guessing I don't read the bible the same way you do. I don't see it as the literal word of god. 
I read it as the word of God written by men. What do you read it as?
Creative writing chock full of good suggestions. 
Oh I gotcha, then it is different. That's kind of how I read Revelations
Revelations, sheeesh.. like Penthouse letters for the Evangelicals, apocalyptic porn. 
So as you may have worked out from the title. I am single and sexually impure.

I have only recently found the Lord and want to live by His ways for the rest of my life!

I was brought up in a Christian family but as a young kid didn't really understand the bible that much and I fell away from Christianity..

Early last year I had a short relationship in which it happened.. That relationship ended and I soon after started talking to someone about Christianity. Those conversations made me think seriously about it again as the person explained things so simply and realistically that it made sense!

I've prayed for forgiveness many times and I feel like the slates been wiped clean but I get anxious thinking about my future with "dating" and "marriage".. If I found a wonderful Christian girl who's believed in the Lord her whole life, how will this situation affect things?! 

You cannot fathom how much I regret the decisions I made early last year.

*~Prayers appreciated*
Brother, your slate was wiped clean some 2000 years ago; He died for your sins. 

First and foremost, it's great that you acknowledge your sin. Secondly, when you do meet a Christian girl please be honest and upfront with her from the start. 

I'm telling you this out of experience. I too had premarital sex, I also repented and realised the weight of my sin. Once that sinful relationship was over, I met a very beautiful girl at church. I asked her out on a date, to which she said "yes". On our first date, I asked her if she would like to walk with me by the beach after dinner, it was there that I told her everything. When she heard everything she said "how can I hold this against you when God himself hasn't?". This was coming from a girl who kept herself from sexual impurity. That answer made me realize that she truly believed and understood Christ sacrifice (and resurrection). 

We got married a few months back. I'm not saying every girl is going to be mature and confident in Christ like my wife; however know and understand that if you don't tell your future girlfriend about your sexual past, it will be a huge issue when she does find out later. Always be ready to answer any question she will ask you, don't get impatient or angry, it isn't easy for her. My wife asked me a lot of questions. Questions I dint want to answer because of my shame, but, at that time God gave me the wisdom to answer her questions patiently.



You might find a wonderful Christian girl who has the same past as you, or she would hopefully understand that you have a past.

2con 5:17 - This means that those who become Christians become new persons, they are not the same the old is past away, behold! all things become new today.

You are forgiven you don't stand in condemnation anymore, but by the grace of God.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z482u6Crf84 - ( Cool song ) 
If you meet a girl who is truly living like Christ, she won't care about something that petty. It's a sad state of affairs when a secular mindset allows for more forgiveness and acceptance than a Christian one.
Thanks very much for the confidence boost and real life experience! 

Greatly appreciated!

**Congratulations on your marriage too! :)**
Thanks very much for the verse :)
Thanks :)

It is like God is playing roulette with who goes to hell and and who doesn't. If its your turn and your ball  doesn't land on red then you are just out of luck. 
It looks like a herd mentality to me, I bet a world wide view would show the same thing.  

If we're just following the leader then changing the leader and making slight changes in the word, changes the direction of the herd.  

I wonder what our own path would look like if mapped back to what the early churches believed and the way they lived compared to the way we live and what we believe today?
It looks like a map of competing diseases or bacteria. 
Rather a political kind of a statement this map is making with its color choice I think.
Dat one LCMS county in Texas. Represent.
Huh, I see what you mean but I missed that. That's interesting. Probably a coincidence, though.
Huh, I didn't even think about that, either.
No such thing as coincidence...
Always look deeply into information and try to see not just what the information says, and what the person presenting the information is trying to tell you.
I'm a newish Christian.  I was raised Christian and stuck with it until after high school and then I drastically started to lose my religion and morals.
I began dating an atheist and the relationship became sexual fairly quickly (I was celibate prior to this relationship), I started drinking and doing drugs, and earlier this year I told my friends that I no longer considered myself a Christian.  
I am 23 now and luckily I have found God again and feel closer to him than ever!
I am no longer drinking or doing any drugs and I am happy to consider myself celibate again

But being detached from a healthy Christian lifestyle for so long I am finding it difficult to get into the habit of praying and going to church, and break my habit of swearing and being fairly vulgar when talking with my atheist guy friends.

Any advice would be greatly appreciated!
I have a Bible app on my iPad that lets you pick series of daily devotionals, so it's very accessible and easy.  I just made reading one and sitting down for a quick prayer part of my morning getting-ready-for-work routine.  That's what has kept me in the habit for that.  As far as changing the way you talk, it takes a conscious effort; but soon you'll find that certain words just feel unnatural to say if you fight the urge to say them often enough.  Praying should be an easy thing though.  Don't worry about pomp and circumstance, just throw up a prayer with the same ease as you would tweet or text something.  If something cool happens, acknowledge it with a quick, "Wow, Dad, that was awesome." Or something frustrating, "What in the world are you trying to show me here?!"  Praying shouldn't be a big ordeal every time.  It should be as simple as talking to a close friend.  The easier you make it, the easier it'll be to remember to do it.
You would be surprised how many people share the same testimony as you, myself included.
The best advice I can give you is to take it slow. During my "journey" there were numerous times where I felt I had "returned" to God....only to slip up and beat myself up over it, and go back to my old ways. You have to rebuild....and you start rebuilding with a foundation. I would start with finding a Church, one that you feel very comfortable in. Then follow Gods lead, he will guide you, prayer and bible study will start again but don't force it. You will get frustrated with not being the "Christian" you once were at times, but it will come. You will also slip up...don't let it stop you, run to the arms of Jesus when this happens....
Lastly I'll leave you with this assurance

Phil 1:6-For I am certain of this very thing, that he by whom the good work was started in you will make it complete till the day of Jesus Christ

That's a foundation you can stand on
Don't focus too much on your behavior.  Get close to God and he will continue to change your heart.  Behavioral change will come as your heart changes.  If you have a hard time getting into prayer, focus on thanksgiving a prayer.  List the things that are good in your life and thank God for them. Think about the attributes of God (love, holiness, grace, etc.) and praise him for those things. Be patient with yourself.  God doesn't expect you to suddenly become super christian.
There's a spiritual battle right now God is winning. But evil is going to try every chance it can to get you to go back. I find myself often thinking "church is boring" or "reading the Bible is boring". Yet I go to church and read the Bible because I know it's the right thing to do.

Prayer, the Bible, and church are all the tools you need to get in touch with God. Look at it like this: If you use all of them, your "signal" becomes strong. But this doesn't mean that just reading the Bible or just praying doesn't have a connection. It does, but not nearly as strong as it can be.

Be sure to confess sins and to thank him for helping you. You should be very glad you aren't going down that path anymore and God was able to get you to come back!
I don't want to be harsh, brother, but one problem I'm seeing is that you didn't mention Jesus. Usually when somebody's really "found God" it's because they met Jesus for real for the first time. Make sure you're focused on Jesus and asking Him to fill you with the Holy Spirit. Ask Him to give you a heart of repentance and bear fruit accordingly. If you're really, REALLY focused on Jesus, you'll bear Christ-like fruit.
Get involved in a small group at church.  Make good friends there.  When it's Sunday morning and you don't want to get out of bed, you will then get out of bed because you want to see your friends.  If there's no small groups at your church, find a different church.

Prayer is a more difficult one.  That has to come from routine and routine has to be brute forced.  Set reminders on your phone.  Attach prayer to certain time periods and activities (praying in the shower works very well for me, because I always remember to do it for some reason).  Try journaling to God - put on some music and type away at your computer as a journal, but instead of talking to yourself talk to God.  That is prayer - it's just written out instead of verbally spoken.
Best advice is ALWAYS from the Bible (From someone almost in the same position as you), so here you go :)

1 Corinthians 15:33:
Do not be deceived: “Bad company ruins good morals.”

Proverbs 14:7:
Leave the presence of a fool, for there you do not meet words of knowledge.

Proverbs 22:24-25
Make no friendship with a man given to anger, nor go with a wrathful man, lest you learn his ways and entangle yourself in a snare.


Now my advice (which is similar):
Surround yourself with fellow Christians as much as you can OR learn the Bible, become strong in your faith and lead by example! That way your friends can look up to you and you never know, maybe they will change their habits for the better ;)
Prayer is a form of communication so don't force it as a habit. I like to pray in my car on the way to work but if I lose track of myself (e.g. good song on the radio) I then rush a cookie-cutter prayer before I reach the office. Or, I get in bed with the intention of praying but I'm out in 5 minutes or fumbling with my phone. My point is to have set times to pray, but also keep that communication throughout the day. Don't force it if it isn't there. 
I don't have set prayers like I used to. Now I just talk to God throughout the day. In the morning, if the Spirit puts something on my heart, I'll pray in tongues and eventually find the words. Same thing before bed. But yeah, like /u/810T3C4 said, don't force it.
It's time to change up your friends.  Read Psalm 1; these people are going to be a continual drain on the source of your life, and honestly you have practically nothing in common with them anymore.  Your life is bound with Christ now, both nailed to a cross and reigning in glory.


I'd also encourage you to get a STUDY Bible that you like.  Just go to the store and pick one, or order it used from Amazon to save some money.  (The Life Application one is very good, as are Ryrie and MacArthur ones.)


This gives you the resource of being able to remember something you heard one time, find it, and actually find out what it's about (from the helpful notes and also connections to other passages.)


I'd also suggest you check out the local AM radio statios for one that has Christian teaching on the air most of the time.  Almost all areas have such a station, and turning it on at home or on the road is a reliable source of life-changing information.



Prayer is where lives are won and lost.  Three great ways to pray:  1) set up an empty chair, imagine Christ in it.  Talk.  2)  Read the Bible and talk with God about it as you read it.  Ask in Jesus' name for understanding of the material before you start reading it (more people have come to radical faith this way than probably any other.)  3)  Consider your life, where you are blessed and where you are hungry.  Give thanks for the former, in abundance, and then consider the latter with frankness.
My advice for you... don't pray and don't go to church.

At least don't pray the way Christians or the world will tell you to pray. Most Christians pray for the things they want. Instead, pray for what God wants. Also, praying isn't some special act where you get on your knees and submit your requests to God verbally or otherwise. You have an open channel to God at all times, even if you feel like He's far away. Even if you lose your "connection" to Him. Talk to Him.

*God. I don't know anything. I don't even understand how to have a relationship with you. I don't know what I should do, or how I should live. I have nothing. Lord, if you want me to change, you're going to need to be the one to change me. Lord, if you want me to know, you're going to need to be one to teach me. What do you want me to do? How do you want me to live? Change me. Help me become the person you want me to become.*

Never leave this place of nakedness and helplessness before God.

And my advice... don't go to church. Most Christians today are following a false gospel. They may be good people and many may still go to Heaven, but their Christianity is a shallow and distorted one, devoid of any true knowledge of God. Have Christian friends, if you must, but don't engage them in Christian debate or discussion if you can and don't take their word or their teaching with more than a grain of salt, but seek God first and foremost.
Not trying to start any arguments, just legitimately curious. This is a question intended for Christians who accept evolution.

Assuming evolution is true, that implies there was no Adam and Eve. If this is the case, then there was no original sin. If there is no original sin, then for what sins did Jesus die for and why are we as humans inherently sinful and in need of salvation?
Do you see the story of Adam and Eve metaphorical and the concept of original sin still to be true?
If so, are all stories in the bible intended to be metaphor? Only some of them? Where do you draw the line in determining whether something is literal or metaphorical?
Just trying to understand your beliefs and how Christians deal with accepting scientific theory in general that conflicts with the bible.

Hmm... Interesting, but I guess it doesn't imply that for me. 
I am not 100% certain that macro evolution is true, but I am more than happy to accept it. I believe that consequently, creation did not take place over several days, but in fact, several time periods. 
If Macro Evolution is accurate, then God could have made the first monkeys evolve into Adam and Eve. 
Consequently, the original sin could have happened.
This idea is based on a load of ifs, and is by no means certain, however I guess it is how I reconcile things. I don't believe that there is any conflict-God can do anything, including the above. I doubt that Adam and Eve were metaphors... Well I don't believe that anyway. 
I don't believe science conflicts with the bible... I think it further cements what is written. 
Christians not believing in evolution will go down in the books just like when Christians didn't believe in a round earth, the earth not being the center of the universe etc. The theory of a big bang doesn't disprove God at all. I don't believe Adam and Eve were the first homo sapiens. Read Genesis and you'll see that when they were banished from the garden there were other cities already there. It's hard to put thought into words but I'll try my best. When Adam and Eve ate the fruit they were banished but also clothed. To be clothed is a step from very animal like behavior to a more civilized human. Nebuchadnezzer for example when God banished him from his kingly state he tore of his clothes and lived in the wild but when he returned he reclothed himself. I believe that Adam and Eve were the first humans to have self conscious thought and interaction with God. You have to realize the bible was written for a very different crowd and a lot of the metaphors that they would have understood we do not. I'll post a thread later with my thoughts a little bit more organized. 
Every Christian outside the USA beliefs in evolution and they don't seem to have a problem ?
You can always see Genesis as being symbolic. You could think of Adam and Eve as the first true *humans*, separate from the animals. First ones with conscience and souls. And besides, even in the Bible didn't it already mention there were plenty of other cities populated by people?
I believe scientists have a better bead on our creation/history than theologians, but I would never stake my life on evolution. It's just something I don't have trouble believing.

Let me quickly answer your questions:

-Jesus died for my sins and yours... I have no idea why humans are inherently sinful. No one knows why God created a creature He knew would rebel, except Him. Reversal question: why would God punish every single human for the decision of one couple?

-Yes, metaphorical. I think the term original sin points to the fact that "All have sinned", not necessarily that we are all cursed for Adam and Eve's decision.

-It's flabbergasting that you would ask whether I believe all stories in the Bible are a metaphor because I believe parts of Genesis are metaphorical. That's probably a pretty rare position for a Christian to take... I believe "only some of them" are metaphorical.

-I draw the line with what makes sense to me. I use experience, intuition, science and scripture to decide.

My questions is - What is the difference between a loving God guiding evolution to create sinful humans that God loves regardless, and creating two particular sinful humans that God loved regardless? To me, the details of the story don't matter. What we see around us is a fallen world filled with sinners. If we look honestly at our own lives, we see our sinful nature. WHY did that happen? Only God can answer that question. Fixating on HOW it happened is a very human thing to do, but it's not interesting to me.

I get very discouraged that so many Christians would rather argue about this non-consequential and unprovable history than celebrate Jesus.
Original sin was never a concept that was important to my spiritual leaders or myself, so I may be exposing my ignorance here. I personally do my believe humans are condemned as a race. I believe people are condemned by their personal sins. I am not being punished for Adam and Eve's sins, metaphorical or not. I am punished for mine, unless I accept the salvation of Jesus. Does that at all relate to what you are saying? 

Also, I am a Christian who believes in evolution
And vice-versa. I am also just trying to understand how scientists deal with accepting scientific theory in general when theories are unproven. But to discount both would be unintelligent. Science itself seeks for knowledge and understanding and the Bible states to ask God for  He freely gives wisdom, knowledge and understanding to anyone who asks. 
Christians who accept evolution are not creationists generally, that means that they do not see everything in the old testament literally, I'm not 100% sure but i think original sin is a metaphor that we are born sinless and we will always sin, not fully sure as i said. The pope himself accepts evolution. So basically Satan manifests himself in all of us after sin.
Christians have to be open to accepting evidence, and to revising our views accordingly. The Biblical authors assumed that the Earth was unmoving, and that the heart was where human cognition took place. We have managed to reject their pre-scientific understanding, and maintain our faith.

That many Christians think in terms of "original sin" shows just how much traditions of interpretation take over and get in our way. The story of Adam is about what human existence is like. That is why the main character's "name" in Hebrew is the Hebrew word for Human. 

The story ends with the breakdown of human relationships that occur in the characters' attempts at blame-shifting, and yet too few who read the story realize that they read it in a way that does the exact same thing - "Sin is all their fault, not mine!" It is sadly and painfully ironic in and of itself, but that it leads some Christians to try to argue against mainstream science makes it tragic.
I may be in the minority, but my take on the creation narrative found in Gen is one of a literary interpretation.  I suspect that Adam, Eve, and the serpent is a metaphorical account of man and woman and their battle with sin.  I do not actively debate this, and I am not trying to influence anyone.  

I am on the fence about many issues involving Christianity and how to live it the "right" way and I have many questions, but I try to live as a Christian and I believe one can fulfill the role without having all the answers.  There are core doctrines and then there are the superfluities.
I don't think assuming evolution is true implies that there was no Adam and Eve. I believe that animals evolved to a point where they could be considered soulless man, and that a male and female of that species, Adam and Eve, were given souls, if that makes sense. A good resource to find out more about Christianity and evolution would be [biologos.org](http://biologos.org).
I believe in adaptation that can become evolution. If I moved up north and grew a beard faster, and my offspring did too, then that's adaptation. If my offspring were born with a lot tile more hair, that could be evolution. Why would God not want his creatures to change?  Now certain things in the bible were added later on or mixed with other religions. It has been thousands of years scence the story's were written. It could be alitle mixed up. Adam and Eve could have had difrent names and the story may have been changed. 
First I should say, I don't see my need for forgiveness as a result of "original sin." I need forgiveness because of my own sins that I have committed. Ez 18:20 says "the soul who sins will die".

I believe that whether the Genesis account of Adam and Eve is a biological truth or not, it was given by God to convey a spiritual truth. The Bible isn't a biology or geology textbook, it is a holy book.

Is that the same as seeing it as merely a metaphor? Some might criticize it as such, but I would say that every word of the Bible is literally, spiritually true. That is, exactly how metaphorical or literal it is, is irrelevant. It was given by God to be taken as true; and that's how it should be treated in reference to spiritual concerns.

In the Old Law, the nation of Israel was instructed to sacrifice bulls, goats, sheep etc. to atone for sins, but in the New Testament, we're taught that it's impossible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sin (Heb 10:4) ... does that mean that God lied to Israel when He taught them to sacrifice for their sin? I see it as God giving them the truth they needed at that time, which paved the way for a fuller truth that was given by Christ... the Law was a tutor to lead us to Him (Gal 3:24)

Likewise, right now we are looking in a dim mirror. We can't purport to understand it all, and many Christians bring themselves to spiritual harm by trying to make salvation contingent on a perfect understanding. One day we will see God face to face, and then we will understand fully just what the Real Ultimate Truth is. In the meantime, our meat-brains can at least comprehend what we need to come to Christ... we might as well not worry about the details... 

What we can do, is see and live Christ's positive effects on our life, enabling us to be more unconditionally loving, more tolerant, more materially content, better husbands and parents and teachers and ... better people.
I just dont understand that we have such great intelligence and come up with the theory/fact of evolution/mutation in species, create airplanes, fly to the moon, create the scientific method but and many people believe humans are not special and never believe there is a god that made life rational.  Life is amazing, science is amazing BUT experiencing CHRISTS presence and love is more amazing than all other experiences.  The thought/study of science/philosophy/psychology is just a hobby and just isnt important to the experience of christ.  
Yeah, I think I agree with what you're getting at. As a Christian I find the theory of evolution incompatible with the story of creation found in Genesis, for a lot of different reasons: for one, evolution would be a terribly "sloppy" way for God to have created man. That would have literally meant centuries of death in order for evolution to take place the way it is generally described. This does not fit Genesis where animal and mankind are seemingly made instantaneously. Some Christians that accept evolution say God used evolution to a certain point and then gave souls to an Adam and Eve.

However, I don't buy evolution on a lot of grounds: 1. It seems illogical to believe that something (creation) was created out of nothing. 2. DNA is information, nowhere in creation do we find information being created independently. Today if you find information its because someone wrote it down, or posted it on the internet. I find the assertion that the information in DNA code generated itself to be mind-boggling. 3. Genetic mutations/DNA mutations result in losses of information/degeneration, however, based on the theory of evolution, mutations are what gave rise to higher, more advanced, beings.
You must distinguish between MICROevolution and MACROevolution. The former is indisputable while the latter is what causes contentious debates among theists and atheists alike. The problem is that macroevolution can neither be fully disproved or proven, scientifically or biblically. For all we know the beings we call 'Adam' and 'Eve' could have looked completely different from the homo sapiens today. Our feeble minds picture them just like us, but they very well could have looked like less evolved creatures. Nonetheless, this does not by any means nullify the Cross and/or Jesus' existence. That was very much real, despite a Christians outlook macroevolution.
I believe the creation story itself is metaphorical, Especially because in the original context it was written in a type of poetry that was often symbolism. That being said, I believe in the Adam and Eve story being literal, and in my mind, they were the specific point where man became higher than mere animal. Before them, I believe man did not have the ability to have compassion, culture, etc. That is my opinion on the matter, but ultimately, we make a bigger deal out of it than need be. The idea of the church dividing itself on such a small matter is crazy. We should learn to respect our differences in opinion, and decide that we will never really know on this Earth.
[deleted]
Interesting that the bible is to be taken literally until science disproves part of it, then that part becomes metaphor. There's your line in the sand. Eventually the whole thing will have to be regarded as metaphor, and what use is a holy book that contains no truth?
What you're saying is essentially true.  To turn Genesis into a metaphor is to the deny the literal reality of sin and death that Jesus came to set right.  When you do that, you upend the entire narrative and take away the meaning of His death.

As a former agnostic, and firm believer in evolution, I came into the faith with these beliefs and I believed that they didn't compromise the scripture.  I believed that despite never really checking to see if that was true.  I had never really questioned them, to be honest.  I figured where the bible and science contradicted each other the bible was wrong.  I felt compelled to challenge that idea one day by the Holy Spirit, and I soon discovered the evidence for these beliefs was not nearly as rock solid as I had once believed.  It really came down to what was I going to take a leap of faith in, and I decided it would be scripture and not the wisdom of men.  

I think people give a lot of credence to their theories because there is this aura of authority surrounding them, based on the fact that science has done incredible things.  However, this mostly comes from advancements in the physical sciences.  The theory of evolution cannot lay claim to that level of achievement.  It explains so much because of the interconnected nature of life, but it is deceptive in that none of that means that life is self-organizing;  it just means life has a common designer.
my dad who is a civilengineer and a really smart guy says evolution is only applies to animals and not humans.

humnas never evolved because there is no evidence only evidence that apes and monkeys evolved into other apes and monkeys but never into a human.

but like i said in anther thred it makes me wonder if black people are actually just animals who were evolved because all the fossils are found and africa. but there are no human fossils in africa.

think about during Jesus time there were no mention of black people but now we have them. maybe they evolved after Jesus died?

also of course there was adam and even because it explains why women have an extra rib. and it also explains why women have pains during birth.
Thank you for writing this. I kinda share the same way you see this. I don't know why, but I've been thinking alot on science and Christianity conflicting, as I'm a Christian that believes that the evolution theory is true. Thanks again for sharing your ideas and beliefs :)
The concept of 'macro-evolution' is pseudoscience - it's what you call 'micro-evolution' over a longer timescale. To make such a distinction is absurd, and inconsistent with our current understanding of evolutionary science. You can look at guided evolution or life-originating-God or any number of things as theistic evolution theories, though. As a side note, science and the Bible contradict each other often - since when are bats fowl? 

On the issue of Adam and Eve, what you seem to imply is that there were originally two humans having evolved from proto-humans or early ape ancestors, but evolution doesn't work like that - there was no 'first human' in that sense, there was a gradual trend in a population towards our current species over a really long period of time. We also know that humans arose a long time before Adam and Eve are listed by Biblical genealogies, many tens of thousands of years ahead of anything close to Biblical timescales. That's OK, though. It doesn't mean you can't believe in original sin - you can either look at it metaphorically (the literal story being a little bit morally sketchy anyway) or you can take Adam and Eve as being the first enlightened people - that is, the original lineage which God blessed, so to speak, and you can look at their sin from that angle. 
More or less, that is what I am getting at. When you say we humans are a condemned race, is this simply because all people inevitably commit sin in their life? Would it be safe to say that you believe this condemnation is a product of free will/sentience?

Are you saying scientific theories are unreliable? Scientists accept theories because they describe an accurate working model about something in nature. They can then use these theories to conduct further experiments and possibly even produce new theories. Other popular theories include the cell theory, electromagnetic theory, germ theory, and the theory of gravity. Would you consider these 'unproven'? If scientists didn't accept these theories, how would they further advance our knowledge of the subject?

I don't think you understand what a theory is. To say a theory is unproven is contradictory - that would be a hypothesis. 
Scientist and a lot of other people believe in scientific theory's because they actually make sense in our physical world, a lot more than a 2000 year old collection of story's that also can't be proven. I mean proven in the fact that it can't certainly be proved that it is the Devine word of gOD. I'm not trying to come in here like a big asshole atheist douche, but before you subtlety bad mouth scientific theory you should try to learn something in a science classroom first. 

Btw I'm not an atheist big head, I'm agnostic. Sorry for not capitalizing the G, but that's just how I feel
The concept makes sense. What has never made sense to me is if this is the case, then why is the bible completely wrong about origins? So it would be more comprehensible to more primitive ways of thinking (don't know if that's the best wording but I think you get the point)? If anything for it to contain the truth would have been much more compelling through the ages. Instead of scientific theories constantly conflicting with biblical accounts, imagine if each discovery in science was accurately reflected in the bible?
Just saying, mutations often but not always result in something that does not benefit the animal but those things usually mean that they will not be reproduce and pass on those traits. The whole point of evolution is that the mutations which benefit the animal will cause the animal to live longer and produce more offspring and therefore eventually become the wild type in the species. 

I'm a Christian who believes in evolution. I believe that God started it all and guides evolution. To me, evolution isn't messy and I reckon it's something that God created that both believers and non-believers can be fascinated by. 

Evolution is not the same thing as the big bang theory. I believe God created everything. However, I find it hard to not believe in evolution when there's evidence staring us right in the face. I figure it like this: God created everything living on earth, but if you're reading in Genesis 1, animals were created before humans. Which is where dinosaurs would come in. I've always thought of it that God made everything and changed things here and there. Killed off the dinosaurs, changed certain animals, etc. I feel that it's very possible that God could have kept tweaking ape-like creatures to make them more in the image of Himself. 

Centuries of death? So what? God's timing is different than our own ([1](http://bible.cc/2_peter/3-8.htm), [2](http://bible.cc/psalms/90-4.htm)). Centuries seem way longer to us than they do to Him.

There's also the theory that the old testament was not all composed of literal events. That it was God's way of sharing ideas and commands with us, like how Jesus uses parables in the new testament. I'm not sure what I believe about that, but it ultimately doesn't matter to me. While I do believe God is capable of everything, whether the parts of the old testament were a historical event or not doesn't change anything. The message and the meaning are the same, regardless.

I don't understand why it's either one or the other. Science and God can go hand-in-hand.
Your points really got me thinking.

1. Do you mean the big bang theory by this? There are no assertions as to what happened moments before the big bang. Without knowing the cause, you can't (in my opinion) write off what the effects might be. Before I heard about the Higgs Field and its properties, I would have said something like that is illogical, yet it is real. Who knows what other strange phenomena exist and what role they played in forming the universe as it is known today.

2. This pertains to abiogenesis - life coming from non-life. I do agree with you that it is rather mind boggling, but then again, so is quantum mechanics. This article explains it better than I could.
http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/abioprob/abioprob.html

3. I think invincibelle covered it as well as I could have.
> If that were wouldn't apes be birthing homoerectus and humans be pushing out X-Men? 

No, not at all. The theory of evolution implies nothing of the sort. Micro evolution compounding on top of itself over millions of years is what causes macro evolution. You will never see something in nature just pop something out that has different DNA than its parents. 

Don't fall into the group who claims evolution is wrong because we don't have "crocoducks." That is so far off what evolution actually is. That's almost as bad as the "why are monkeys still here if we evolved from them" argument. 
Incorrect. There are mountains of evidence that humans evolved from ape-like ancestors, e.g. genetic drift, fossil record. The theory of evolution is one of the most well proven thoeries in existence.

Saying that one race of people shares no evolutionary ancestor with other humans is indefensible and racist. Fossils are found all around the world and encompass many different species, including various hominids.

The evolutionary process that would bring about humans from ape-like ancestors would be measured in millions of years, not hundreds.

Women do not have an extra rib. People can be born with abnormalities, but generally everyone a total of 206 bones in thier bodies.
No trouble. I quite enjoy discussing these things. 
I figure science and religion don't have to conflict, and that God wouldn't have made such a complex world unless he wanted us to have regard to how it was made. 
In some ways, its complexity further shows how great God is, and furthers the argument for intelligent design. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because the bible was written far before the scientific evidence of evolution was discovered. The Earth was flat back then, too.
Yeah, I think you're right in that it's more comprehensible. I think at the point when that part of the Bible was written it would have been pretty much impossible to explain evolution to humans and then for it to be written down accurately. Also, I wouldn't say the Bible is completely wrong, its story is still compatible with evolution, as long as you use a loose interpretation of the word "day". I think this is about as close to scientific discoveries being reflected accurately in the Bible as we could get; if the Bible already had all of science inside of it, then we wouldn't have any scientific discoveries. :P
I don't know that I believe the fossil record makes the case for evolution.

There is poetic and non-literal writing in the OT. I don't think Genesis would seem to fit one of those categories, based on just reading the book.

I believe science and God go hand-in-hand, but its important to use God's word (which does not change) to interpret man's science/studies/theories (which are always changing). Too often Christians try to make the word of God fit the latest theory.
There are assertions as to what happened before the big bang. Check out p-brane theories and the ekpyrotic universe theories.
So there is an unknown cause to the Big Bang. My question is why a person would say "oh its probably something that defies logic and reason--creation created itself." If science doesn't demonstrate what a person calls a belief then it actually sounds like faith. Faith in an illogical, irrational cause of the universe that is not demonstrated by science.

Higgs boson seems understandable. Creation creating itself is sort of another story...
[deleted]
it is your scientists that say all the fossils were found in africa. where are black people all from?? africa!!

 why do you not find them in places like jerusalem where the chosen people are from???

also women do have an extra rib my mom has more ribs than my dad. and it says in the bible that god made eve from adams rib so all women have an extra rib because of this.

also i am not racist. i am just using scientists evidence about fossils in africa and the fact that i know god did not use evolution for the chosen people for a fact.
It's interesting that you ask what I would do, if I were God. I often ponder the question, and if anything reaffirms my atheistic standpoint. The biggest point being I've always believed that an omnipotent, perfect being would not be interested in mandating that his creations worship him. But that is straying pretty far off the original topic.

As for free will, I've never liked that concept within religion much either. Sure, you have free will, but if you don't worship and uphold the commandments, you will be tortured in a lake of fire for eternity. A loving and forgiving God indeed.
A theory is not unproven. This is incorrect. A theory just doesn't have full explanatory power for all phenomena. A theory such as evolution explains about 95% of the evidence, but there are still some small pieces that haven't been figure out. It's just like medicine: We know how cancer works, we understand it's mutated cells that grow out of control. We know that certain viruses cause cancer, certain genetic codes cause cancer, etc., but we're not sure exactly how all these things interact with one another to lead to particular forms of cancer. Just because the theory doesn't explain everything doesn't mean it's unproven, just components of it are not as well understood...
You are ill informed. Theories do not become laws, rather try to explain them. I did my own google search and the top 5 that I looked at all verified this. A law is generally associated with an equation, i.e. Ohms Law basically just states that V = I*R. A theory on the other hand is more of an explanation of something based on evidence.

https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ie=UTF-8&ion=1#hl=en&safe=off&sclient=psy-ab&q=do+theories+become+laws&oq=do+theories+&gs_l=serp.3.0.0l4.1726.8691.0.9861.24.17.5.2.2.1.465.6687.2-1j7j9.17.0.les%3B..0.0...1c.qCspqhDgIos&pbx=1&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.r_qf.&fp=215a8248afbd2d8&biw=1366&bih=643&ion=1
That's a common misconception, but people have known for [a long time](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myth_of_the_Flat_Earth) that the earth is round.
I don't mean all of science in one book, that would be one big book. I just mean it would be much more convincing if the story the bible told about origins was the same as what science tells us now. But that just goes down a road of reasons I'm an atheist in the first place.
>I don't know that I believe the fossil record makes the case for evolution.

If there was but one fossil located in the wrong spot *anywhere,* then the whole theory would fall apart, or at the very least be under heavy scrutiny, until the issue was resolved. Furthermore, even if there was no fossil record, we would still have enough evidence in DNA for evolution to still make it as a theory. 
Here's my issue with that argument. Science has no problem saying "I don't know." Which in its own way is very accurate - 2000 years ago people had a very limited knowledge compared to today. Whether they knew it or not, they didn't "know" very much about the physical world. If I were to travel back in time and show the natives a "magic trick" that is simply an exploitation of say magnetism and making objects float, they would have said something like that defies "reason and logic." Today, we have come far enough to recognize that there are things we don't understand. Religion, on the other hand, sees something that can't be explained *by todays knowledge,* and therefore God exists. It's impossible to say what the limits of nature are at our relatively very young stage of scientific development.
> why aren't there the "missing links"

Transitional fossils? We have plenty of those. The problem is we have fossil A and fossil B. Lets say A is the ancestor of B. A creationist will point and say "Aha, there is a missing link between these two fossils!" We then find fossil C, which goes in between the two. Instead of being satisfied, they now have two gaps to point at, one now between A and C and one between C and B. The truth is, there is a heap of transitional forms, you just have to look. [Here](http://www.theistic-evolution.com/transitional.html) is a good article on some transitional forms, although the first half is really all that's relevant. The rest seems to be the authors take on working evolution into religion.

As for homosexuality, I have never thought about what causes it and how it plays in to evolution. I've never really cared, nor heard it asked. Although a quick search turned up [this](http://www.medicaldaily.com/news/20120613/10287/homosexuality-gene-mother-reproduction-evolution.htm) article which discusses some relevant findings on the matter. Seems it is still one of the worlds many unknowns. 
The prevalence of older hominid fossils in Africa is more proof that humans originated there, but there are fossils of our ancestors found in the Middle East. A good example are the Qafzeh-Skhul early modern humans found in Galilee. 
Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skhul_and_Qafzeh_hominids

All humans typically have 206 bones, both men and women.
Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_bones_of_the_human_skeleton

Debunked.


I understand that I can not reason you in to faith, but I feel the need to argue against that point. Let's say you had a child. And as that child grew, you tried to teach her, do not use meth. Using meth will lead to pain. But, when she is an adult, of her own free will, she starts using and becomes addicted. Before long she is in a world of pain. Did you condemn her to that pain by allowing her that choice? God did not create Hell to punish those who don't "fall in line". Hell is separation from all things that are good, and being surrounded by pain. God is all things that are good, and sin is him warning us of the things that cause pain and therefore separate us from him. 
>A loving and forgiving God indeed.

I too struggled with this for a long time. I have come to the conclusion that all my ideas on what's just, unjust, right, and wrong come from scripture. All my ideas on what is good and not good are challenged against scriptural standard.
[deleted]
That's the thing, though, they are the same! It's in there behind a bunch of metaphor, but it's the same story. Look at the days of creation.

* Day 1: Light/Darkness
* Day 2: Horizon (or rather, a distinction between the sky and the earth)
* Day 3: Land and plants
* Day 4: Fish and birds
* Day 5: Animals
* Day 6: Man (in His image)

First came light/energy from the big bang (day 1), which turned into matter, which formed into planets (day 2). The progression of plants -> fish -> birds -> animals is also the evolutionary progression according to science.

I agree that if it was more straightforward it would be super convincing, but I think God has his reasons for that, even if I don't know what they are.

Edit: Formatting
I also wish the Bible would be much more convincing if God revealed to us all about origins, life, and how to scientifically heal the soul and human body. But then we wouldn't need to pray or talk to God. We would just go to the manual of life and live happy- forever without sin.
All humans have been searching for resolution, direction and purpose. And that just goes down a road of reasons why I chose to believe and pray to God in the first place, and put scientific theory SECOND. But the fact is no human was present when life started. 
The Bible may have its "scientific" or "literary" shortcomings but its wisdom is undeniable and has supernatural staying power for redemption and forgiveness to last throughout the ages and then some.
You don't understand what it is. A theory is derived from multiple facts, so many that there is no other possible counter-argument. That's why it's a theory. Gravity is a theory. It is a fact that a massive object will cause smaller objects to accelerate towards it. We KNOW the speed, given the mass of the objects, at which those two things will accelerate. What we don't know yet is exactly why the acceleration happens: Is it gravitons? Is it time-space warping? A mixture of both? Theories are not facts, they are made of facts.

EDIT: A scientific theory is "a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world, based on a body of facts that have been repeatedly confirmed through observation and experiment."

EDIT2: Remember that theories run your life. You are on a computer typing on the internet. Without the theory of quantum mechanics, theories of thermodynamics, and a slew of others, this would be impossible. The realization of technology from theoretical science is insurmountable evidence to their truthiness.
Don't take this as evidence that your argument is stronger than guitarelf is crediting. In reality, guitarelf is incorrect, as are you. Theories may perfectly account for all evidence and remain a theory. Why? Because in scientific parlance, a theory is a model that explains why a certain set of conditions causes a certain outcome. This is why we have the *theory* of relativity, despite having proven it conclusively to the point that your GPS device is constantly taking into account the relative speed of the satellite so that it can calculate your position accurately (otherwise, you'd lose several meters of accuracy per day to time dilation issues).

A law, by comparison, is merely descriptive. You cannot go faster than the speed of light. Law of reality. Why can't you? Well, you need the explanatory model - the theories of general and special relativity - to tell you why you can't do that. Compare the law of conservation of energy (which just tells you that you can't destroy net energy, not why you can't) and the germ theory of disease (which explains observed phenomena). A hypothesis is a theory absent any evidence that it's correct. So, hypotheses and theories are on the same spectrum, but laws are not.

The theory of evolution via natural selection is perhaps the second best-supported explanatory model in existence, close behind the Big Bang. It explains all available evidence, and made several useful predictions that proved true (such as finding telomeres at the joint where humans lost two chromosomes as compared to our closest cousins among the other great apes).
This is the creation order in Genesis 1.  In Genesis 2, man is created before the beasts and fowl  (Genesis 2:18-19, specifically)
I don't see that it says that. It says, in NIV, at least:
"Now the Lord God had formed out of the ground all the wild animals and all the birds in the sky." It doesn't say "The Lord God now formed."

Look at 7-8: "Then the Lord God formed a man from the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became a living being. Now the Lord God had planted a garden in the east, in Eden; and there he put the man he had formed."

Although it says "Now the Lord God had planted" after it says "Then the Lord God formed a man", the planting came before the creation of Adam. Similarly, even though it says "Now the Lord God had formed out of the ground all the wild animals" after it says "Then the Lord God formed a man", the animals came before the man.

That's my interpretation of the NIV anyway. If the Hebrew disagrees I could be wrong, but I don't know Hebrew to check.
[NIV Genesis 2:19](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis+2%3A18-19&version=NIV) 
"Now the Lord God had formed out of the ground all the wild animals and all the birds in the sky. He brought them to the man to see what he would name them; and whatever the man called each living creature, that was its name."

Seems pretty clear that to bring the animals 'to man to see what he would name them' means that man had to be there before animals. no?
I see it as the animals just not having names until man was created and then named them.
Seems like a generous reading especially in context of 2:5 where there were no plants yet (before man) because there was 'no one to work the ground', therefore no plants for animals to eat.  But, I am no scholar, and will defer. Thanks for the enlightenment on an alternative reading.
Yeah, I agree, it is kind of generous. Maybe I'll come across a better understanding of the text later, but for now, this is where I'm at. Thanks to you as well.
In Matthew 7:2-5, Jesus warns against judging someone else for his sin when you yourself are sinning even worse. That is the kind of judging Jesus commanded us not to do. If a believer sees another believer sinning, it is his Christian duty to lovingly and respectfully confront the person with his sin (Matthew 18:15-17). This is not judging, but rather pointing out the truth in hope—and with the ultimate goal—of bringing repentance in the other person (James 5:20) and restoration to the fellowship.

So i believe it is saying that judging people is and is not a sin.  I believe it is saying that if you see someone sinning you are suppose to confront them of their sins in hopes that they will understand that what they are doing is wrong and change their ways . . . that is how i interpret what i copy and pasted above.  Now this got me thinking.  In the bible (sorry i am not well educated on the bible) it says that god destroys an entire town as well as all the people living in that town bc its filled with sinners, i believe it was filled with a bunch of people just drinking and having sex with multiple partners maybe prostitution, like i said im not 100% sure bc i have not read much of the bible.  I am wondering how this is acceptable?  If you are not to judge people but simply to point out their sins to them how is it ok for god to commit the sin of murder on an entire town.  He judges this town to be bad.  He may have or may not have warned them about their wrong doing (once again not well educated on the story) but ultimately he destroys everyone.  Am i missing something here?  How is this not a sin?  And if i understand correctly both god and jesus are perfect and do not (or can not?) sin.  Please any input on this would be appreciated.  I am not coming in here to try to start some religious bashing etc etc i am truly confused by this and find it very hypocritical which is a sin i believe . . . . to judge someone for their sins while you commit worse sins (even tho i thought all sins were equal). 
The difference is between judging a non-believer and judging a believer.

It is sinful to yourself as a Christian to judge non-believers as they do not hold the Christian beliefs.

It is not sinful to tell a fellow Christian as they are sinning, and thus not acting according to their beliefs.

According to Christian beliefs, God considers drunkenness and sexual promiscuity to be sinful, and as this is before Jesus fulfilled the old covenant with humanity God did what he had to back then, kill those who become too corrupt.

Also according to Christian beliefs, humanity is not to judge others as God is the ultimate judge and decides who lives and dies. If we live for him, love and help others, and spread the good news about Jesus, we are living the just and lawful life made available to us through Jesus dying for our sins. We still have our free will though, and while we are already forgiven for our sins we can still sin in this lifetime. As a Christian we do our best to love others and share our stories of salvation so that everyone can know that God has accepted his Son's death as payment for our sins, and Jesus's resurrection is symbolic of our resurrection in him as eternal life.
I'm on my way out the door so I don't have time to answer this now, however, two things:

1, thank you for this question. It's very legitimate and doesn't seem like religious bashing at all.
2, you should try posting this in [/r/Christianity](/r/Christianity). There's almost 30,000 readers, as opposed to the 400 here. There's a much higher chance of someone being able to explain this clearly.
Okay so the story you are talking about is with Sodom and Gomorrah. To start out, when angels visited on of the cities to find righteous people, they hid inside a house because the entirety of the city wanted to sodomize/rape them.  
As for such destruction, it would take a lot longer to discuss stuff like that from the Old Testament and how it worked towards love and what we end up with by the end of the New Testament.
Finally, forget about the difference between judging believers and non-believers, it's about the fact that God is the only who has the right to judge. That means no matter how Christian a person is, he doesn't determine who goes to Hell and shouldn't say someone is going to Hell, but rather merely point out indiscretions of his neighbors to help them better themselves.
Another point is that the first verse you mentioned talked about not judging sinners since you yourself sin often.  Well, this automatically excludes God because he is without sin, since sin is the absence of God.
That's a brief explanation without cited examples and based on my knowledge of the Bible, I didn't look anything up to make my points, so if you find it lacking I could find more information to help you with this.

tl;dr God's allowed to judge, people aren't. 
I think that what you are getting at is really a key concept of what defines a follower of Christ. To really understand the truth, we must all recognize that man is inherently sinful. (I'm going to try to stay away from some of the Christian lingo). What that means is that all people are inherently bad. We are nothing. Left to our own devices we are a lost creatures. I think, at some level, all people understand that. Many other religions wiggle around that fact and at their core try to dissuade people from the natural idea that man is bad or "evil". If you can understand that man is lost, sinful, evil, and base without God, you are well on your way to understanding why God punishes. 

The next concept is that of holiness. If there is the base level of bad, sin, and evil, then the opposite must exist. Just as cold must exist because there is hot and dark exist because there is light, good must exist because there is evil. The ultimate good is God. Now if God is perfectly good and there is no evil in him, then there must be a separation between what is good and evil. 

The separation between "good" and "evil" is in broad terms what we see in the Old Testament. The OT is about God's relationship with man despite the fact there must be separation from holiness, (good) and sin. When God judges Sodom and Gomorah, it is not out of wrath, or malice or hate. God is incapable of such. The destruction is because God normally holds back judgment that every person, place, and thing deserves. In the case of Sodom and Gemorah, God simply did what was right. The destruction of the city was what should be normal. Because all men are all sinful, we all deserve punishment from God.

The idea that I have just tried to lay out however leaves man at a desperate position. We all deserve to be destroyed and punished because we are not holy. We are not like God and we cannot enter his presence. The only thing stopping the destruction of all people in the OT is God's mercy. However nature is still left groaning for a way to let man enter the presence of God. For man to enter the presence of God he must be holy. That holiness is unachievable by man because as I have said man is evil, bad, and base. To enter God's presence man had to be made holy. 

This is where Jesus enters the scene! Jesus, being part of God was the only way we could enter the presence of God. By dying, taking all of our sins upon our shoulders, and then rising again, Jesus was what bridged the gap between the ultimate sin and the ultimate good. A belief in the works of Christ, and a desire for a relationship with Christ is how any man may come before a ultimately holy spiritual being known as God. When a person says in their heart, in the deepest level of conscience, "God I am bad and you are good, Jesus is the only I can come to you", then they are a believer.

I'll pray for you!   
   
One point I would like to make is that Humans are not God. The bible doesn't say we are God's equal and all things are the same. God is the judge, jury, and executioner. He is also loving and many other great things too. 

God tells us not to judge because we are sinners and do not know everything another person is going through. God can judge because he is all knowing and its his laws. Also he is infinitely just. 

I think the main thing that turns people away from God and causes this confusion is that they don't like having an all power authority figure in their lives. Much like a 16 year old tends to shun their parents for some years. It is also a matter of faith and perception. Did god kill everyone in Sodom and Gomorrah? Yes.. at least their earthly bodies, but to die and go to heaven to have eternal happiness isn't really that bad of a thing. Christians of faith believe this and of course this is a part of the bible. So you can't look at death on Earth as death or Murder when the soul continues on. 
Read Carl Jung Answer to Job. This is the only way I have found that the Bible can be understood/taken. 

If I were him, i would be proud to have made it on reddit.
Not everyone makes it on reddit, just 98% of us

Hello there. I used to be Christian but had some falling outs with things. I tried searching for answers, but Im no Bible scholar and nobody would ever give meaningful yet simple answers. All I would like to ask is that someone with more knowledge than me give some answers that arent so complicated that I just get lost. 

1. Besides the Bible, what scientific evidence do you feel there is for God?

2. Do you think the Bible and science can 100% co exist? Why or why not? 

3. Many people say that the creation story in Genesis is just figurative. If thats the case, then what does it represent? 

4. If God is omnipotent and knows what will happen to all of us, then why would he punish us for something that we cant control?

5. Out of all the religions in the world, how do you know that Christianity is the right one?

6. Does Christianity align more with left or right wing values?
This is what I believe.

1. There are two types of things in our world, physical and spiritual. Examples of physical stuff are humans, animals, plants, etc. spiritual things are angels, demons, God, etc. Science can study physical stuff, but not spiritual stuff.

2. I think 1 explains this pretty well, they are separate in a sense, but each a part of our world.

3. I believe the creation story in Genesis to be literal it is a historical account of God's creation.

4. God is perfect, so it follows that his justice is perfect as well. I don't think he punishes people who can't control their actions, but if he does I think he would know what is right better than me.

5. I think if you look at all the religions in the world, Christianity is different. It's less of a "religion" because your salvation does not hinge on what you do. You do not need to be "good enough" to get to heaven. 

6. It is hard to say left or right values simply because people have differing views on what is left or right and it changes over time. Christan values do not change as they have been written down for centuries.

 Also, Christian values basically boil down to love God fully and love your fellow humans the same way you love yourself. I'm not sure this gets into today's left or right wing views.


1. There isn't any. Science is a tool for studying the creation, not the creator. If I need to tighten a screw, I don't reach for a hammer, I reach for a screw driver. Hammers are excellent tools with many varied uses and are invaluable in the vast majority of construction projects. But hammers are fairly useless when it comes to tightening screws. Science is like a hammer; it is an invaluable tool that is useful for uncovering all kinds of mysteries of our universe and leading us to truly remarkable breakthroughs; it's one of our best and most versatile tools. But science is the wrong tool with which to study God.

2. Yes. They explore different things. If I want to know how some physical process works, science is invaluable. If I want to know whether something is ethical, science is useless.

3. It's difficult to unpack a lot of that here without it turning into a long-winded sermon. But I believe the creation account tells us a lot about: the relationship between God and the universe, the relationship between God and man, man's place in the world, and the human condition (ie. the fact we eat of the forbidden fruit, the fact we have abandoned our calling to be the image bearers of God, etc.).

4. I don't believe God punishes us for things we can't control.

5. It's the one that God led me to and that resonates with me. I am a Christian because this is the religion through which God revealed himself to me. It isn't important for me to figure out if it's "the right one" through some kind of intellectual pursuit. Christianity is about being in relationship with God and I am in relationship with him through the religion he led me to.

6. It aligns with the best of both. Christianity aligns with the strong family values promoted by the right. It aligns with the strong work ethic and focus on personal responsibility that the right espouses. But it also aligns with the left's commitments to eliminating unjust systems, defending the vulnerable and marginalized, and always seeking peace. That's not to say that there aren't some right and left wing movements or administrations that aren't more in line with Christian thought than others. Rather, I'm just saying that neither side has a monopoly on Christian thought.

Edit: adding this resource for your 2nd and 3rd questions. https://www.episcopalchurch.org/files/CreationCatechism.pdf It's written in FAQ format so you can easily browse through the document, read the questions in bold and only read the answers for questions that interest you. It's very easy to  understand and it covers a lot of what you were asking about as far as how we should understand the creation accounts and the relationship between faith and science.
I mostly echo what TroutFarms said, but I'll throw in my own versions because hey why not.

1. Science is the wrong tool, as TroutFarms put very well. If God exists as Christians say He does, then He exists outside our universe and is not made of either matter nor energy. Examining such a being is quite simply beyond the realm of science. That being said, there are quite strong arguments for the existence of God from philosophy, logic, and history. I have personally found the Moral argument and the Teleological argument quite compelling, and the evidence for the Resurrection is sufficient to lead one to conclude God exists and is active.

2. Absolutely the Bible and science can co-exist. Historians tell us that Christianity is the reason we have modern science, as opposed to the stilting and stillborn versions of it we saw in every other civilization around the world. Basically the only thing that is even a conflict on this is the Creation narrative in Genesis, which as you point out, is often viewed figuratively anyway. 

3. The Genesis creation story sets out a bunch of really important characteristics of God and His relationship to the creation, particularly in contrast to contemporary creation stories. For example, God creates not through death and combat, but through speech. God creates from nothing, as opposed to crafting from something pre-existence. God creates in goodness, as opposed to many who view this material world as evil or dirty. I think there's lots there to see without being required to see it as a literal account.

4. God's omnipotence and omniscience are not an argument against human free will.

5. Christianity is the only religion founded on public, historical events, namely the death and resurrection of Jesus in Jerusalem by the Romans in approximately 33 AD/CE. Everything else is based on whether they have good teachings; Christianity is based on whether something actually happened. Christianity also makes exclusive claims, so if the claims of Christianity are examined and found to be true, then one does not need to examine any other religions to know that they must by definition be false.

6. That's a great question. I personally think that Christian values are often those of the Left, but that the way to go about implementing those values are the values of the Right. By this I mean, Christianity is all about caring for the poor, weak, and vulnerable, but it does this through individual initiative, never through compulsion (which is how the Left does it, using government). I do think that there is a case to be made that Christians could vote either way.
Hi OP! No one can prove to you that God exists. But if you open your heart and look for Him, *He will prove to you* that He exists. The Bible says that faith is the substance of things hoped for; the evidence of things not seen. I think that God only gives us enough "evidence" to keep hoping, but not enough so that it isn't even *faith* anymore. 

But this butterfly, to me, is proof that God is real. The eyes on its wings look like a picture of an animal. I used to paint a lot, and the detail on it is no accident. There is shading, texture, highlights, shadow.... impossible. It is impossible for some scientific process of evolution to *see* and place that there. 

http://www.learnaboutbutterflies.com/Britain%20-%20Inachis%20io.htm


My husband is a biomedical engineer who agrees very much with the premise that it takes more faith to be an atheist than to believe in God. Earth, nature and the human body are miracles by their very existence. The number of processes in the universe working together to make this all happen is immeasurable. The idea that it all came together somehow takes a lot more "faith" and makes less sense than that of an omniscient creator. 

But beyond God in general, you asked about Christianity. Yes, I believe that Jesus was sent here to save us by God and that we only have to believe and accept that gift of salvation. I believe it is true because of the effect the Bible has had in my life and the world, the witnesses of Jesus, His miracles, and His resurrection, and especially the witnesses who died rather than deny what they saw. These were respected people with everything to lose, not crazies from the hills. 

Just the other day, I met a teenage girl on a plane who was arguing with her dad on the phone as we waited to board... It was the day before Father's Day, and I was cringing listening to it, feeling bad for the guy. Turns out she would sit next to me! I am a lawyer who went to UF-- turns out she is starting her freshman year at UF in the fall and wants to be a lawyer. We talked for hours and hours, and she ended up rededicating herself to the Lord. Just before landing, we noticed that we were both wearing the same exact Tory Burch shoes. Same color and all. (I've had those things for 3 years and have only ever seen them one time on another woman! It just blew me away.) This happened at the tail end of a work trip that was full of "God moments" like that. 

Anyway, this response is long enough, but I hope you keep looking for God and that you find Him! Jesus said, behold, I stand at the door and knock. Open the door, OP :)
1. I know there is God from my insticts. Adding Him to equation of life adds sense.
2. I believe this two can coexist, they both involve humans.
3. I just don't understand why God decided to give the author such a story.
4. That's a nice question.
5. Instict.
6. Don't know.
Have you read the Bible yourself in sincerity, looking for the evidence in the Bible itself that shows veracity? 

[For example the Bible itself is full of scientific proofs -](https://youtu.be/t2sMJMXDiH4)
I once wrote [this article](http://bereanarchive.org/unpublished/three-evidences-of-design/) about patterns in biology that match our own designs but are the opposite of what evolutionary theory predicts.  TL;DR the patterns are:

1.  Functional DNA instead of junk DNA.
2.  A non-tree of life.
3.  Genetic redundancy.
> If God is omnipotent and knows what will happen to all of us, then why would he punish us for something that we cant control?

This is why I'm an open theist.  I think God knows all possible outcomes, and plans that some things will happen in advance, but that our free will determines which path we will take and what the result will be.
1. Dinesh D'Souza is kind of infamous for explaining the existence of God without using the Bible. He usually resorts to, "this fine tuned universe requires a fine tuner"

2.  It should. One claims to be the truth and the other is searching for the truth, so there shouldn't be any problem for the Bible and science to 100% co-exist. I mean, aside from the parts where God says, "You shall not put the Lord your God to the test."

3.  This is where things get a little iffy between the Bible and science, because in the beginning God created light (day and night) before he created the sun, moon and stars. Also, carbon dating doesn't agree with a literal interpretation of the creation story. But, science is still growing, maybe one day it'll all make sense.

4.  This is where a Christian would quote, Romans 9:19-21, which probably isn't the answer you were looking for. This is also where Universalists shine, since in their interpretation of the bible in the end God will save everyone, since, "[God] desires all men to be saved..."; but without messing around with alternative doctrines too much, God is sovereign and He created us in His image which included giving us the freedom to choose; and we chose to do it without God (the forbidden fruit). God loves us so much that He gave us a chance to choose Him again (the gospel), what happens to us is totally based on our decisions (according to John 3:18). Kind of like if someone told you not to run off a cliff. Why would a loving God put the metaphoric cliff there? Because, free will.

5.  Christianity is an exclusive religion and God is a jealous God, "You shall have no other gods before me." So, if you're a Christian you can believe in the other religions. Truth is also exclusive. Based on the historical documents (the bible and other documents), the prophecies throughout the many books of the OT being fulfilled 400+ years later in Christ. Other prophecies being fulfilled, like the city of Tyre being destroyed. Chip Ingram did a whole series on, "Why I Believe".

6.  I have no idea what those values are.
That is one beautiful answer.
I would disagree with your #1 answer. I believe that science is not irrelevant to faith. In the same way that a compass points to North science and logic points to God. Can a compass explain to you the nature of the magnetic North, or why the earth has magnetic poles? No. In the same way science cannot always explain the nature of God, but it points to his existence. Here are some of my favourite scientific theories that point to the existence of God:
Flaws in the Miller-urey experiment:
http://creation.mobi/why-the-miller-urey-research-argues-against-abiogenesis
Okccams razor:
https://jamesbishopblog.com/2016/05/01/christianity-vs-naturalism-ockhams-razor/

Answers in Genesis is a great resource with lots of scientific proof. Although I don't always agree with everything they say, they make some good points. https://answersingenesis.org/answers/

Creation ministries also has some decent articles:
http://creation.mobi

There is a lot of people who are a lot smarter than me who know a lot more about this than me but whenever I see something that makes me doubt my faith I search -(fill in the blank) Christian perspective. Then I weigh what I've heard from both sides. Every single time I'm more convinced of the Christian explanation. That is why I am still a Christian. 
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | Ten of the Top Scientific Facts in the Bible
Description | If it's true that the Bible contains scientific facts that were written thousands of years before man discovered them, the implications are staggering. These facts would be evidence that the Bible is the word of God, and its promise of Heaven and threat of Hell are therefore not to be mocked or ignored.   "Ten of the Top Scientific Facts in the Bible" is a half-hour of awe-inspiring and faith-building video, filled with ancient biblical truths—the earth’s free float in space, the dinosaur and wh...
Length | 0:29:42

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
http://undsci.berkeley.edu/article/0_0_0/whatisscience_12
>Do gods exist? Do supernatural entities intervene in human affairs? These questions may be important, but science won't help you answer them. Questions that deal with supernatural explanations are, by definition, beyond the realm of nature — and hence, also beyond the realm of what can be studied by science. 

Science can certainly point you towards God. Francis Collins talks about the impact that the study of biology had in his faith in his book "The Language of God". But it can't provide scientific evidence for the existence of God. It is simply outside the scope of science since science is the study of nature and God is beyond nature.

The websites you provided are doing more harm than they are doing good. They can seem to be scientifically sound because they use scientific jargon. But for those who actually understand the terminology, their explanations are easily rebutted, often fail to even qualify as science, and are quite often just a mess.

Here's what New Testament scholar Dr. James F. McGrath said about it:

>Answers in Genesis is not defending the Christian faith, it is turning it into something that can be easily ridiculed and dismissed.

I concur with his assessment.

If you want something that deals with science and faith and takes both seriously, try Francis Collins' book instead. He's a Christian and a real scientist who does legitimate research and has legitimate accolades.
Hi folks,

I've had real experiences with God and do have a true faith in Him. In the past few years my relationship with God has waned as I've pursued homosexual relationships.

I've been experiencing same-sex attraction since I was in middle school and I've been mostly trying to work through my feelings on my own or avoiding the issue (mostly this). I'm currently in a same-sexy monogamous relationship that has been going on for almost 7 months. At the same time, I feel distant from God and other believers in my conservative church. 

I feel that I'm at a crossroads: I can continue in this homosexual relationship and have a "ho-hum" relationship with God, or I could leave this relationship with someone I love and try to live a life in line with biblical teachings.  

Will you advise me, please? 

God bless, 
~CuriousChristian
Practicing as in having sex?

Short answer: No.

Long answer: *Any* sex outside a one man + one woman marriage is sinful, so no.
Well read the bible on this topic I personal have had same sex attraction but for the sake of Christ I choose to stay away from relationship unless I'm trying to get married I wouldn't say I am a homosexual but I know same sex marriage is a no sex outside marriage with anyone is a no same sex relationship is no but personally I'd say forget about relationship and focus on Christ 
Depends on the interpretation/denomination. There are plenty of gay Christians. The answer to this question depends entirely on who you ask, how they support their interpretation and conclusion, and your own heart. There is not a consensus.

Can you tell a lie under any circumstance? say OMG? get angry with your brother? fail to love your neighbor? masturbate? pass judgement on those who do? ...and still be a Christian? You can.
It isn't for us to judge you. But you should read your bible about homosexuality
And denomination has nothing to do with it..being Christian mean to follow Christ..period
The path is difficult for we all have our chief sins, the ones that pull us  off the path with much greater force then the others.

My brother or sister, first I must say your belief in Christ and his sacrifice, and your faith in his word makes you a christian, we are Christians even though our wrestlings and trials.

It makes my soul glad that you have had experiences with God, and that you have true faith. Beloved, you know in your heart that God Made man to be with a women, and a women unto man and to deter from this is an abomination to God.

Your feeling of separation from him is because he will hide from who he chastises, and sin separates us from God. You know this in your heart and you know to be close with him at some time you will have to defeat this and rise above this sin, and you will be rewarded and blessed and grow closer in commune with him.

As a personal testimony, of my chief sin. I writhed in it for many years, but I began reading his word and learning of him and began the process of resisting it's temptation. Which was not overnight and I broke many times, but the more I found myself resisting the more I found God giving me resistance, as if meeting me halfway until I gained victory over and still remain in victory, not that the old man doesn't try me for time to time.

You will find outlets. Places that will give those with itching ears what they wish to hear, but you know in your heart the truth, for if you believe and you feel conviction you are one of his. There are many of those with this struggle, that do not think twice or look back and ignore Gods words.

My advice as a brother in Christ, you don't have to about-face and sprint back to the right path so that you are out of breath and are taken from the road again, to be disheartened and in helplessness you may accept unsound council. However do not tarry, set your mind of being free from it, make sure steps toward it. Read god's word, pray to him he will lead you. You will gain victory over this. Perhaps in such a way that you wont look back and be glad you are no longer where you were.

Don't Sprint and don't tarry, Pray and listen to your spirit and heed it over my words or any mans words. Find comfort in Jesus and be of good cheer, your faith will be rewarded.
Hello, affirming Christian here!  I do not believe that the Bible condemns homosexuality as we understand it today (two same-sex consenting adults).  Of course, when it comes to biblical interpretation it is crucial to think about the contexts in which the texts were written: historical, sociocultural, linguistic... In ancient societies marriage practices looked much different than they do today.  For instance, women did not have a say in who they married.  As a modern Christian woman, I have grappled with what that means in terms of attempting to reconstruct any notion of a "Biblical view of marriage".  However, I have come to a few conclusions on this topic:

1) Not all people are called to marriage, but some are.  Both are good and valid options that can be pleasing to God.  In light of the divisions within many churches on the question of whether to affirm gay marriage, it is necessary to have more conversations about what marriage actually IS, because the Bible does not make that universally clear, and different denominations have different interpretations.  Few denominations outside of the Catholic church identify marriage as a sacrament, for instance.

2) Non-marriage relationships get very little airtime in the Bible, so what we can say about a "dating" relationship would have to be considered in light of other relationships (marriage, friendship, etc.)  In terms of your current relationship, how can you live into the call to love one another as Christ first loved us?  Start there, as a way to honor God's central command.

3) There are certain ways Christians should always treat other people in order to express the love of Christ, including hospitality, generosity, patience, humility, and plenty of other virtues that are found throughout the canon of scripture.  However you treat a partner (regardless of gender) should of course reflect this.

4) Considering everything I have already said about the challenges of reconstructing a biblical view of marriage, the Bible is fairly consistent on the issue of extramarital sex.  Sex is not inherently bad or sinful, but it can often be used to ends that do not glorify God, and out of the context of a covenantal relationship, it can dishonor God's will in our lives.  This is a hard pill to swallow in our modern society, especially for many people in the LGBTQ community who have been denied legal access to marriage for so long.

I would be happy to recommend scholarship if you would like to read more on these topics.  
Hi OP! It's called mercy for a reason-- we don't deserve it and can't earn it by "being good". You can be a Christian having committed any sin, but it makes sense that you are struggling with this. We all struggle with one sin or another, so I hope you don't feel like your issue is worse than something I struggle with... a big thing for me is impatience. I know I have to work at it and affirmatively tell myself to avoid losing my temper today, etc. (I have small children and get overwhelmed easily. As you can imagine, this is a recipe for a cranky mommy.) 

I think the big thing for us all is seeing it for what it is and not rationalizing it or telling God to ignore it, i.e. "Practicing". As if I said, "I'm a practicing impatient person. I won't try to change it. Nothing I can do about it." I certainly didn't choose to have a short fuse, but I do, for whatever reason. Actually, it's probably because my dad was very impatient and parents tend to model how they were raised. Tough to break that cycle. Anyway, this is a reeeeeeally touchy subject and progressive people would say I'm venturing into electroshock torture territory and all that, but I'm only talking about what you might *choose* to do on your own, which is all God cares about to begin with. Free will and all that. 

The Bible is clear that homosexuality and sexual immorality in general are sins. It seems to me that biology and common sense support heterosexuality too, but nowadays that's practically illegal to say. I won't try to convince you. Above all, I think you should do a lot of thinking and praying and researching, and convince *yourself* of the truth. Other people tend to just upset each other and make us confused and defensive. 

But the best advice I can give you is to just get in the Bible and let God speak to you Himself. I don't think you have to choose faith or _____. Just have faith and follow Jesus, "In all your ways, acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight". 

I wish you peace and blessings, OP, and am happy to lend a listening ear anytime. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/drama] [A gay man\/woman\/other asks r\/Christian if they can be Christian and homosexual](https://np.reddit.com/r/Drama/comments/6kgsld/a_gay_manwomanother_asks_rchristian_if_they_can/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
No, the same way you cannot be a practicing Christian adulterer or thief or murderer or drunkard.

Seek to be washed from all sins by the power of God given to us if we ask Him in the name of His son Jesus Christ.

If you ask Him He will free you from the slavery of any sin, since He defeated both sin and death on the cross and can free us also from Satan's power, being God by Spirit and man by flesh:

"31 Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed Him, “If you abide in My word, you are My disciples indeed. 32 And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.”

33 They answered Him, “We are Abraham’s descendants, and have never been in bondage to anyone. How can You say, ‘You will be made free’?”

34 Jesus answered them, “Most assuredly, I say to you, whoever commits sin is a slave of sin. 35 And a slave does not abide in the house forever, but a son abides forever. 36 Therefore if the Son makes you free, you shall be free indeed."

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=john+8&version=NKJV

Pay attention especially to verse 11:

" 9 Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived. Neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, 10 nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the kingdom of God. 11 And such were some of you. But you were washed, but you were sanctified, but you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the Spirit of our God."

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+cor+6%3A9-11&version=NKJV
MANY say and state that the rules, laws, and teachings of Scripture regarding homosexuality are no longer relevant to today. That our modern and advanced understanding trumps the Bible, and that God's judgments and lists of what is actually sin no longer applies. Mostly due to the fact that primarily most of the mentions are Old Testament, but that is just willful ignorance and misuse of the teachings of the Word of God for personal gain and satiation of their guilty conscience.

Regardless what a person wants to think, the Bible clearly states IN THE NEW TESTAMENT -

* **Romans 1:26-32**) "*For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature: And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet. And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient; Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers, Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful: Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.*"

* **1Timothy 1:9-10**) "*Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers, For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;*" 

* **1Corinthians 6:9-10**) "*Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.*" 

whether we like it or not, or whether we think that OUR society can stand the adamant specifics of Scripture or not, this is the truth and the very Word of God. God specifically states that ALL those things are affronts to Him and are sin, and that any that fall in that list will not enter His Kingdom. Even the effeminate are listed, and whoremongers (promiscuous persons), and homosexuals are clearly mentioned in scripture as being an abomination unto God (**Lev 20:13**). And all because that verse and passage is in the Old Test does not then make it void, as is clearly shown in Jude 1:7) **Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.** 

For example in Isaiah it clearly mentions the coming of Christ, does that make it of none effect because it is in the Old Testament? How far would you take that logic? All Scripture is given by inspiration and is for edification, wisdom, knowledge, reproof, exhortation, and to rebuke. you can't disregard one part all because you don't like it or don't think it fits with the times and societies ideals.

We may not like it or may not agree, but God is God and His Word is absolute and just, and every passage is given for a reason and for our learning

* **Romans 15:4**) "*For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.*" 

* **2Timothy 3:16-17**) "*All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.*" 

Granted some of the old ways are no longer applicable, like the specific judging and punishments for actions, sacrifices, and specific laws laid out for His people. But when it comes to what the bible clearly states as those that will not enter His Kingdom, and what He clearly states as what He sees as sin, and especially that which is again repeated in the New Testament, that we cannot deny or ignore. 

choosing to ignore, omit, or change Scripture to fit our belief is dangerous ground, doing so is saying that God made a mistake and we ourselves know better than Him. Our understanding and what we think is right cannot dictate God's commandments, He wrote it for a reason and blatantly ignoring this is spitting in God's face and choosing to disbelieve it and throw it away. God's Word is Holy, and He sets His Word above His very name, and saying that we don't like or agree is choosing to not believe in the Word of God. 

All because our time and society dictates the freedoms and rights of certain people and cultures, does not therefore dictate changes in the Word of God. God's Word will not be amended to fit the ideas of man, His Word will not return unto Him void and He will not be mocked. Any that say otherwise run the danger of angering the Lord and in return will have his hand of blessing and protection removed. 

* **Revelations 22:18-19**) "*For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.*"

God is a jealous and fearful God, as much as He also is a gracious and merciful and loving Father. All of HIs Word is applicable and for our understanding and learning, and rejecting it due to personal ideology is rejecting Him. 

* **Proverbs 1:25-33**) "*But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof: I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh; When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me: For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD: They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof. Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices. For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them. But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil.*"
PS...this is why you are feeling distant from God
I recommend asking this same question at /r/openchristian for another point of view.
Just find another gay christian and you both good to go, seriously.
1 Corinthians 13:8
Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away.

1 Corinthians 13:13
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love

Personally, I think God would never punish you for truly loving someone, no matter if you're in a homosexual relationship or not. It's about you actually loving that person, about not having sex because of lust but because of love. 
Don't forget that God is love. He would never hate you. You are a child of His and God loves every single one of his children.
If you have been having sex with that person for lust only at one point and if you also feel guilty and sorry for that, He will forgive you. If you don't regret, there's nothing to forgive. But never regret love - you're not harming anyone.

God bless you and your partner. :)
enjoy the life you have now, instead of worrying about what others tell you. follow your heart, unless your harming others. which you defiantly are not doing simply by loving someone who feels the same.

many people here will disagree, but religion is a personal thing. follow your heart, thats all you can do in life.

and if live your life being good to others and showing love and peace with every action, then its hard to imagine you being punished for that.

And you don't want to find yourself at the age of 50+ thinking you have wasted your love life by pretending to be something your not. 
Nope. God is all or nothing. Sex is exclusively for procreation within marriage - if it isn't at least ordered toward that end (even if passively), it is at odds with having a positive relationship with God.
One of the many reasons why Christianity is harmful
That is true, it is a temptation. Funny enough, I expereinced similar feelings towards women and even acted upon it when I lost my faith. I have since then been pursuing my relationship with God/Jesus and learning so much I didnt know such as this. But I have asked for forgiveness, no longer have these feelings, dont judge others who do, and believe i have been forgiven and that it was the devil working on me. Temptation is what it is.
Real answer: God made gay people to love one another, and your gag reflex doesn't speak for heaven. The sociopaths in the old testament who put people to death for it are all dead, and it's a sin to pretend their crimes were ever moral. 

Please stop. I'm worried about your soul.
[deleted]
And remember - big rocks! Aim for the head!
Yes great point. I think that is something very important for a practicing Christian to realize...
Should *have*, could *have*, would *have*.

*^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^don't ^hesitate ^to ^PM ^me ^any ^questions.*
On the 8th day, God created Ethereum.
> One of the many reasons why Christianity is harmful

Exactly how is a statement that says sex outside of marriage *harmful*. Remind me, does lack of sex *hurt*? Is it a required part of living like breathing or eating? Is it even a required part of a relationship?
> God made gay people to love one another

He did indeed. We are **all** made to love one another.

>your gag reflex doesn't speak for heaven.

I actually don't have an opinion on homosexual behavior. It's none of my business what two people do behind closed doors. But *scripture* does speak for Heaven. This is from the New Testament:

1 Corinthians 6:9-10

>Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God.

I don't make the rules. I am only called to obey them.

>Please stop. I'm worried about your soul.

Don't be. I am saved by the grace of Christ, and I will teach his truth in love, even if some people don't like what the truth is.
> Gay christian is an oxymoron, you cannot be gay and be a christian

Sure you can. Nobody chooses to be gay. If you're tempted, you're not straight. Simple as that.
And without any anger...
>a true christian...does their best

That was my point about the other sins. A christian does their best, knowing in advance that they will still be found wanting and their best is not ultimately their salvation, though doing their best is motivated by their gratitude for and worship of Christ. The Bible makes it pretty clear that the list of dos and dont's is a tier below the great commandments, and many christians struggle with true charitable love for their neighbor more often than they have intercourse. Maybe that's why judgement is removed from us.

The Christian Coalition of America includes many denominations that do not classify homosexuality as a sin. Many of them would refer to the verses in the Bible relating to sodomy and 'man lying with a man' and, using the language from which it was translated and the historical context and understanding of that language, tell you that homosexuality is not the sin described. You'd have to assert that many coalition churches are themselves not Christian to also claim, definitively, that you can't be a Christian and a practicing homosexual, particularly where gay marriage is legal removing the question of adultery.

I just think it's a more complex question than many conservative Christians acknowledge. Though I guess that most understandings of resurrection seem to inherently imply that homosexual inclinations, like a missing limb, would be a mortal condition only.
The Bible also says you can beat your servants to death as long as they die slow. 

I'd recommend you talk to God, instead of taking orders from the dead. The Bible shouldn't be treated as if it were an idol. We know more about the beauty of His creation now, and the love of gay men and women for each other is as much a part of it as we are.
That isn't what you said. You said sex outside a one man + one woman marriage is sinful, which is a harmful statement.
> scripture does speak for Heaven.

[No, the scripture doesn't.](http://www.evilbible.com/)

It was written by flawed and imperfect men, and the wickedness it claims to be good is evidence enough that the authors weren't inspired by God's love.
[deleted]
> That was my point about the other sins. A christian does their best, knowing in advance that they will still be found wanting and their best is not ultimately their salvation, though doing their best is motivated by their gratitude for and worship of Christ.

This is the definitive issue though. A Christian recognizes their sin and tries their best to overcome it. Is a gay person in a same sex relationship, who goes to pride parades and advocates for gay marriage, and asks Christians to affirm their relationship recognizing their sin and trying their best to overcome it?

There is a world of difference between sinning while repenting of your sin, and refusing to acknowledge your actions as sin entirely.
It's a biblical truth. Again, how is that *harmful*?
> and the wickedness it claims to be good is evidence enough that the authors weren't inspired by God's love.

Funnily enough the book of Isaiah says a similar thing:

> Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter.

The scriptures you apparently place so little faith in warn us about the world we're seeing now, especially with respect to these questions of sexuality. 

I don't know how liberal this sub skews, but most professing Christians will trust in the words of God found in Scripture over the opinions of the secular world. It is possible to love your neighbor without being universally permissive. It is possible to be a good person and disagree with the majority view on secular questions of morality. I'd suggest that you, perhaps, ought to start with an assumption of the good intentions of the people you're interacting with, rather than immediately trying to tear down their beliefs.
> It was written by flawed and imperfect men

And they just happened to write something that conflicted with your worldview, so they must be wrong. How convenient for you.

As I said above, **any** sex outside a one man+one woman marriage is sinful. All of it. There is no "but they love each other" exception. If you want to be an obedient Christian, then you must limit sex to marriage. I didn't make the rules. God did.
You were taught that it is evil. And so, when you gave in, it felt like a betrayal of all that you wanted to be.

Our pastor, on the other hand, never felt closer to God than when she was with her wife. She calls others to follow his teachings - her love gives her the strength to do so. 

So, how does Satan benefit? Describe it to me. How he relishes every soul lost to Heaven. How the creator of the universe is tortured by their every kiss?

And tell me - why is it that I'm not tempted? Because I would sin again and again and again, with no remorse. It's the easiest possible way for Hell to win. And yet - I'm straight. You're bi. 

Last question - why is science, which is looking for the answers in God's creation, rather than allowing men to claim to speak for God, wrong to do so? Why should I take the word of man over the design of the creator?
Because it tells gay christians that because of the way they were born that they will suffer after they die, people like you prove the points of anti-theists.
> The scriptures you apparently place so little faith in warn us about the world we're seeing now, especially with respect to these questions of sexuality.

Yeah, two people falling in love is evil. Meanwhile, according to you, this is good:

> 17 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.

> 18 But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.

You've been blinded by your politics, and you worship the words of the dead, over the truth we've learned from the living God.
God made gay people - we're not going to ignore millions of people's experience and nature, just because some closeted bisexuals don't want to deal with the fact that straight people aren't  even tempted. 

And same sex marriage is blessed. There are holy men who love men, and hold women who love women, and their love allows them to bring out the best in each other. 

Meanwhile, your stubborn pride, and your judgement of others, will only lead you further, and further from the light.
[deleted]
> Because it tells gay christians that because of the way they were born that they will suffer after they die

Um, no it doesn't. It says sex outside of marriage is a sin. Period. There is no sin in having same sex attraction, or *any* sort of attraction, for that matter.

Are you implying that if one is gay, then one *must* engage in sex? Because I'm simply saying that sex is a choice. If one *chooses* to be celibate outside of marriage, and thus obedient to God, then there is nothing to worry about.
And how have you learned this truth from God? Was there a writing? Was there a message or a prophet? It sounds like you're crafting God in your own image, decrying the same things you decry and praising the same things you praise.

Two people falling in love can definitely be evil. How about a mentally handicapped person and their caretaker? How about a teenager and their teacher? Good news, pedophiles, love is love!
> God made gay people

Yes, he did. And he made sex. For marriage.

>And same sex marriage is blessed.

In what manner. Where in scripture is that stated? *That's* the basis for the tenets of Christianity, not just what someone feels about it, because it conforms to their worldview.

>your stubborn pride, and your judgement of others

How am **I** being prideful or judgemental by simply stating a fact? OP asked a question; I answered from a scriptural perspective.
Well, if you consider a dog your intellectual equal, go nuts. Who am I to question your lived experience?
Meanwhile, I'll pray that you rise above your hate.
The bible says "If a man lies with a man as he would a woman, both have committed an abomination, and shall surely be put to death."
Those examples have nothing to do with two equal adults supporting each other in the name of a genuine love. Nor can you justify the horrors in the Bible, which go against Christ's teachings - why are you ignoring them?
You consulted a book, written by dead men. A book that also claims that disease is spread by God punishing innocent people for answering a census. A sin that was never a sin before or since. 

It is your idol. 
> Yes, he did. And he made sex. For marriage.

Can you show me the verse where Christ had issues with gay marriage? Start with "I trust the people who murdered anyone who got in their way, to accurately report God's word." Then finish with an incoherent manifesto comparing gay marriage to pedophilia.
[deleted]
[deleted]
> The bible says "If a man lies with a man as he would a woman, both have committed an abomination, and shall surely be put to death."

That quote does indeed appear in the Bible. However, when quoting from the Bible, it's important to note *where* it comes from, and *why* it's there. It's also important to ask questions, like: if this is in the Bible, then why don't we stone people today?

This quote is from the book of Leviticus (20:13), which is a book of procedural and moral laws for the Jewish people while they wandered the desert and struggled to maintain unity as a people, and specifically, the people of God. They were set apart from the rest of the world and humanity. The punishment for anything that would harm that unity and that relationship with God was indeed severe.

But this law as stated doesn't apply to Christians. We are under a new covenant, a new relationship with God. See, the Jews *had* to stay together, as they were going to deliver the Messiah to the world. Once that Messiah arrived (Jesus) and the world could be united, Jew and Gentile, as God's people, things changed. To see an example, just look at what Jesus himself said when presented with a woman who had committed a stoneable offense:

John 8:1-11

>but Jesus went to the Mount of Olives.

>At dawn he appeared again in the temple courts, where all the people gathered around him, and he sat down to teach them. The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group and said to Jesus, “Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. In the Law Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?” They were using this question as a trap, in order to have a basis for accusing him.

>But Jesus bent down and started to write on the ground with his finger. When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, “Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her.” Again he stooped down and wrote on the ground.

>At this, those who heard began to go away one at a time, the older ones first, until only Jesus was left, with the woman still standing there. Jesus straightened up and asked her, “Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you?”

>“No one, sir,” she said.

>“Then neither do I condemn you,” Jesus declared. “Go now and leave your life of sin.”

So what the woman did (and the guy, too) was still a sin, but Jesus chose to forgive her, rather than condemn her. So we do the same thing today. 

Yes, sex outside of marriage is a sin. So are lots of other things, things I am guilty of. But **all** of us can be forgiven. We must always try to leave sin behind us, but acknowledge that we will fail in this, since it is in our nature to sin. So we take comfort in knowing we are forgiven. 

What we can't do, is *willingly* continue to sin, in defiance of God. No one is going to stone us for it, but eventually, we will no longer seek God's forgiveness for what we've done.
Yes it does. And that is not a function of "born this way", that is a function of "acted this way", so you are wrong anyway. Besides, there's thing important thing that happened in the Gospels where Jesus did away with the death penalty for any sin, so that's already off the table.
Ah, but see you've moved the goalposts. You said that two people falling in love wasn't evil. You didn't say anything about equal, adults, support, or genuine love. So we can agree then that there are many situations where two people falling in love is actually evil? Whether or not we include homosexual love among that group, can we agree that group exists?

Many of the events in the Bible are simply recorded, not condoned. If there are particular things that you'd like to talk about, feel free to start another thread. 

Christ's teachings include two important things: an endorsement of the Law (mat 5:17-18, which includes the statements about homosexual behavior being deviant), and a statement that marriage is between a man and a woman (mat 19:4-6). I think it's clear that I'm at least honoring the text by understanding what it says. Where are your ideas coming from?

It's also important to note that Jesus did remove the death penalty aspect of  sin, meaning we are no longer obligated or even allowed to execute people for capital sins (see John 8), so an honest follower of the Bible is NOT called to kill homosexuals, merely to state that their behavior is not in line with God's commandments. Additionally, the explicit condemnation of homosexual behavior continues in the New Testament epistles, written and endorsed by Jesus' immediate followers and written within the lifetimes of people who would have witnessed Jesus' actual teaching.

So again: you claim that we "worship the words of the dead, over the truth we've learned from the living God"; where did you get this truth from the living God?
> You consulted a book, written by dead men.

It's a bit more than that, in truth. The Bible represents the canon scripture of what the Christian church believed in the third century. It chronicles man's relationship with God, our need for a savior, and the actual arrival of that savior. Once all of that occurred, the Bible was compiled from 60+ different books by 40 different authors. It is the authoritative source for the tenets of Christianity. 

>It is your idol.

No. It is just a collection of books, but they represent how God still speaks to us today. I only worship God, but I believe the Bible contains God's word. The Bible contains things that I initially disagreed with. But to be a humble believer in God, *I* had to change to accept God's word. I was not permitted to ignore or dispute those things.

If I am to be a Christian, where else am I supposed to get information *about* Christianity? If you don't like what Christianity teaches, then don't be a Christian. We can't follow God and our own path at the same time.
> Can you show me the verse where Christ had issues with gay marriage?

Homosexual sex is considered a sin under Jewish law, yes? And Jewish law has never accepted or endorsed same-sex marriage, correct? So what did Jesus says about Jewish law?

Matthew 5:17-20

>“Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. For truly I tell you, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished. Therefore anyone who sets aside one of the least of these commands and teaches others accordingly will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practices and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. For I tell you that unless your righteousness surpasses that of the Pharisees and the teachers of the law, you will certainly not enter the kingdom of heaven.

The Law of God still exists. Sex outside marriage is still a sin. Same-sex marriage is still not permitted. Jesus didn't *have* to pointedly say anything about same-sex marriage. The fact that it was forbidden would have been obvious to his first century followers, and the early church that followed. What *has* changed, is that people who have sinned in the past can be reconciled to Christ, and have all their sins washed away. This is how they attain a righteousness that surpasses the Pharisees.

>finish with an incoherent manifesto comparing gay marriage to pedophilia.

I don't have to compare sins. **All** sin is bad in God's eyes. **All** sin drives a wedge between us and him. But you and others are the ones trying to say this particular sin isn't actually a sin. All I'm saying is that in God's eyes, you're mistaken.
> pure selfishness

Sure, it's selfishness when two people fight for each other, live for each other, and raise a healthy family. 

Do get your mind out of the gutter. If sex was the point of it all, why fight for the right to demand a ring, instead of living for an orgy? 

You're broken, inside. And far from the light. Tell me, why in your  mind, is this more sinful than everything you've done?
> And I also love how all of a sudden someone is full of hate

Comparing a woman's love to a dog's? 

You rely on the Bible to tell you what to think, and ask that we accept the words of admitted child-killers, without question. 

What happened to you?
When did you decide to become heterosexual. Also If he did away with the death penalty what is the point of hell, and why did jesus have to die?
If you're going to be that exacting, why not talk about the fact that the Old Testament is fine with lesbians? The only time lesbians pop up is when God punishes some straight people in Romans. 

We could also note that without gay marriage, the main source of same sex relations for men back then was temple prostitution? I wonder if the culture is relevant, or if we're supposed to magic our way to "all gays, all over the world, are evil", and damn the millions of Christian gentiles who heard a different commandment, and created a different pact with God?

So, here's my challenge to you - 

Make a case for Bronze age law being holy and sacred to all, even when it causes harm to others?

Start with "My conscience is my God." and end with "And that's why I totally believe that Satan wins when gay Christians convert people to Christ." 
I didn't say "choose to be gay". For crying out loud, pay attention. The difference is between having urges and acting on urges. The condemnation is not against having same-sex attractions, it's about having sex with someone of the same sex. Can you seriously not differentiate between the two?

Doing away with the death penalty means that humans no longer have the authority to enforce God's justice on these matters. That in no way invalidates God's right to enforce His justice. Even if we completely remove the punitive aspect of Hell, it would still exist purely as separation from God for those who have chosen to live apart from Him.
Not the person you're replying to, but looking over your comments it seems like you don't understand the idea of the New Covenant. You keep quoting the Old Testament laws and trying to use them as "gotcha"s but, thankfully, we are not under the Law. We are called to follow Christ and His teachings, which are written in the New Testament.  

If you choose to condemn the Bible, that's your choice. But salvation is a big deal so it's worth taking the time to understand where the stories and books in the Bible fit into the big picture of God's plan. 
> If you're going to be that exacting, why not talk about the fact that the Old Testament is fine with lesbians? The only time lesbians pop up is when God punishes some straight people in Romans.

Of course you're right that the OT doesn't mention lesbianism, but you're rather mistaken about your characterization of the Romans passage. It may also be valuable to look at how Judaism has interpreted these ideas: 

Here's one: The first fleeting allusion to sexual contact between women is made by the rabbinic sages in Sifra (Acharei Mot 9:8), a work of halakhic midrash (that is, rabbinic exegesis of legal biblical material) which comments on the book of Leviticus and was edited no earlier than the end of the fourth century CE (when the Jerusalem Talmud was completed). Here, referring to the “laws” of Egypt and Canaan which the Israelites are prohibited from following (Lev. 18:3), the text cites as an example that “a man would marry [nosei] a man, and a woman a woman”—a clear reference not only to same-sex intimate acts, but also to on‑going relationships between same‑sex partners. ([Source](http://www.myjewishlearning.com/article/female-homosexuality-in-judaism/))

That's a pretty late source, since its after the rise of Christianity, but still well within the confines of the ancient world.

From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexuality_and_Judaism#Lesbian_sexual_activity) on its article on Homosexuality and Judaism: "Sexual liaisons between women are, however, viewed as forbidden by most rabbis... The Talmud prohibits any activity which it defines as mesolelot or tribadism (women rubbing genitals together)." The Babylonian Talmud explicitly prohibits the writing of "marriage documents for male couples".

So there's two references to lesbianism, and two references to same-sex relationships, not just sex, from the tradition surrounding the Scriptures, which is a heck of a lot more than you've given us to go off.

> We could also note that without gay marriage, the main source of same sex relations for men back then was temple prostitution? 

What are you talking about? Temple prostitution simply didn't exist in the Jewish world, and outside the Jewish world same-sex relationships were hardly forbidden! 

>I wonder if the culture is relevant, 

Of course its relevant, but you have to make a case as to why it's relevant and how that applies. The best ways I've seen that argument made involve a description of why the command or law worked in that culture, and how the circumstances that made it necessary in that culture do not apply to ours.

>or if we're supposed to magic our way to "all gays, all over the world, are evil"

Nobody said that. Declaring homosexual acts to be against God's commands is different than declaring a person to be evil. But then again, the Bible calls *everyone* evil (Romans 3:23 for starters?), including straight people who save themselves for marriage, so I don't see where we should be surprised that people who identify as gay should also be called evil, along with everyone else in the world.

>and damn the millions of Christian gentiles who heard a different commandment, and created a different pact with God?

What are you talking about? What commandment? What pact with God? Humans don't get to create pacts with God, God initiates covenant with humanity.

> So, here's my challenge to you -

You're out of challenges to make. You've made a couple, which have been answered, and refused to accept any of the challenges made to you. You tell us where your source for this "different commandment" and "different pact with God" is.

> Make a case for Bronze age law being holy and sacred to all, even when it causes harm to others?

Make a case from the Scriptures for basically anything you've said.

> Start with "My conscience is my God." and end with "And that's why I totally believe that Satan wins when gay Christians convert people to Christ."

Do you believe that this constitutes respectful dialogue and Christian conduct? This shameful strawman is an embarrassment to logic and western culture.

It sounds, frankly, like your conscience is your God, since you'd rather appeal to your conscience than to God's word about *anything*. And for the record, I do think that a person can be a Christian and a practicing homosexual, just as a person can be actively addicted to pornography, alcohol, or abusive. I think that person's homosexuality's days are numbered and that God will work that out with them, but we all have areas like that.
I'm arguing for the new covenant. I'm arguing against those who believe that the old still holds true, or that the Bible accurately reports it in the first place.
Oh. Well the New Covenant says we need to keep the Old Testament, just that we're not under that law anymore. Christ says not to lose one word of the old law. I also believe that God ensured the Bible be passed down to us in a reliable way. I think the issues with morality and anything else you might find in the Old Testament are a result of human limitations, not necessarily an indication that they are not inspired. 
The laws of the Old include "You can totally beat your servants to death, so long as they die slow." and "Female slaves aren't as valuable as male slaves." It's easy to see these are caused by human limitations, and should be ignored. So when I'm tasked with believing the creator of the known universe was okay with "murder teh gayz, cuz ewwwww!" I'm going to have questions.
I'm pretty irritated by the condescending and childish approach you have to my faith. That being said, homosexuality is condemned in the New Testament. There are also references to the Israelites having hardened hearts and thus not being ready for God's true morality. If you had told an ancient Israelite to love their enemies they would have laughed at us. God was humble enough to gradually reveal Himself as our culture grew ready to accept Him. 
> I'm pretty irritated by the condescending and childish approach you have to my faith.

As if you were any less condescending to the faith of others? 

> . If you had told an ancient Israelite to love their enemies they would have laughed 

So, you're saying they would have laughed if God had said it? That's pathetic. How weak do you think God is? How stupid do you find the ancients? How arrogant are you, to assume that they were incapable of understanding a golden rule, when it existed in other cultures before Christ?

Your faith is dependent on convenient blasphemy and making excuses for your prejudices.  
> As if you were any less condescending to the faith of others?  

Feel free to point out where I've been condescending to other faiths. I'd love to hear it and improve.  

> So, you're saying they would have laughed if God had said it? That's pathetic. How weak do you think God is? How stupid do you find the ancients? How arrogant are you, to assume that they were incapable of understanding a golden rule, when it existed in other cultures before Christ.  

Think about homosexuality. You are literally laughing at the idea that God condemns it. Seems to be condemned in the Bible (including the New Testament). Assuming that's correct, you're doing the same thing but with a more progressive moral dilemma. I don't think the Israelites were stupid, I think they were a part of and product of their culture, which had a morality very different to our own. 
Yes, they did. So, when I'm faced with millions and millions of gay and bisexual men and women who assure me that finding love was the best thing thing that ever happened to them, and I see the same light illuminate them, and all they do, that I see in straight couples?

Who do I believe? Those who hate that love in themselves? The ancients, with their own horrible human rights track record?

Think I'll pass on the ignorance, thanks. And if the words of dead people insist that God believed the exact same things they did? 

Well, we all know Satan would prefer you worshiped an idol, instead. The Bible's just as good as any other.
> Feel free to point out where I've been condescending to other faiths. 

You don't even allow for truth and enlightenment in any Christianity, except fundamentalist. 

Yes, I laugh at the idea that God is disgusted at the same sex love he inspired, and that inspires so much good in others. Why should quoting texts written by people who were cruel and selfish offer any kind of a rebuttal? Their sins speak for themselves.
I was talking to one who is close to me and she told me that my fascination with sorcery, witchcraft is dangerous. Well, this was news to me, I didn't realize I was fascinated. I asked her to explain. She told me that some of the movies (Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings), shows I watch (Merlin, The Librarians), some of the books I read (Star Wars, Warcraft, Sword of Truth), and especially the games I play (Neverwinter, Dragons Dogma, and I used to play WoW) are all dealing with the occult and are dangerous spiritually. She says it clutters my mind to the point that it may obscure my spiritual focus.

My response to her was that I know they are fiction, not real, that magic is fantasy. It's just a movie, book, or game. Jesus is my Lord. My soul does not belong to some made up deity in a make believe fantasy world. I may play a wizard or cleric in Neverwinter, but I know it's just a game. She said there are spells invoked; I don't play games with sound but yes, there is invoking in movies and whatnot. There have been some games that take the fantasy world too far, and those I choose not to play due to the gratuity or just wrong nature of the game (Dante game is a prime example). 

I have read so many articles about this recently due to this discussion but haven't really seen a yes or no on it. I see some Christian blogs and news sources writing reviews and whatnot for fantasy games and books, not really mentioning if they are spiritually safe or not...it's more just a routine consumer review. 

I have read articles that state that fantasy games are wrong since there is no moral compass nor is it Christ centered. Well, with that argument, one could say almost nothing in the mainstream entertainment world is viable for Christians. Disney has magic in their movies, Tolkien has magic in his books, Lucas has the force in his world, etc. Even non-fantasy games are wrong if Christ is not the center and objective. 

Why are some fantasy world acceptable, worlds like Narnia?

Can Christians play fantasy video games and read fantasy books, or is it gambling with my soul? And if not okay, would it be safe to play games or other entertainment that does not have magic? 

Note: I do play online, but I ignore most people or make heavy use of parental filters in text-based chats as the common language is crude and often filled with profanity. I rarely use voice communication unless it is with people that I am comfortable with, and even then I often ignore the profanity.


TLDR: Are fantasy games and movies like Neverwinter, DnD, and Lord of the Rings dangerous spiritually?
I think if one wants to get overly concerned there will be virtually nothing safe, as you say. The once popular TV show Touched By An Angel is total heresy but was broadly enjoyed by the older Christians I knew. 

I always chuckle at Christians being scared of Lord of the Rings. Tolkien was a Christian. He literally compared notes with CS Lewis as they were writing their novels together. Tolkien's Christianity shines through his writing. The opening chapter of The Silmarillion is beautiful poetry about God's sovereignty and creativity. Lord of the Rings itself has so many Christian themes that when my grandmother handed me a book titled "Finding God in the Lord of the Rings", my response was "throw a rock, you'll hit Him". 

I completely agree that video games and fantasy have the ability to distract one from their spiritual pursuits. I would say the same of sports, careers, and social friendships. There is nothing more addicting about video games or more distracting about RPGs than anything else, but they do hold the same dangers.

Ultimately I think this line of thinking comes from Christians who are terrified of Satan, and underwhelmed by the power of God. When Jesus touched the leper, he didn't become unclean, the leprosy became clean. God reaches into our world and purifies it with his touch. He is far greater than any force or power. This is not a license to be foolish, but we don't need to be afraid.

Let me know if you want to talk Star Wars, LOTR, DnD, or any of that stuff. I love it all.
I've actually given sermons based on Lord of the Rings, which is easy to do since Tolkien was a Christian who built Christian themes into his literature.

I recall during my time as a full time missionary, attending midnight premiers of fantasy and sci fi films with my fellow missionaries whose children sometimes dressed as the characters from the movie. Were we under spiritual assault while we watched the movie? Not at all. We were resting and enjoying some leisure time while serving the Lord. I know many deeply spiritual people; pastors, missionaries, evangelists, and youth ministers, who love those genres and regularly consume such entertainment. At one church I interned at, there were several members of the teaching staff who were so hard core into this stuff that they planned their time off to coincide with the release of X or Y video game.

A lot of people have these really weird views of the world where they see the devil around every corner. But if you know who you are and whose you are, you don't need to live in that kind of fear. God doesn't give us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and self discipline (2 Timothy 1:7). He didn't come to give you a life of fear; always worrying that the devil is around every corner, he came to give you freedom and life in abundance (john 10:10). Now, that's  not to say you can watch whatever you want. Clearly, you should avoid anything that causes you to sin, films that might be a bit too risque and will lead you to lust, for example. I also can't stand watching movies where there is just too much bad language (but that's just me). But there's no need to be afraid of movies and other entertainment.

Having said that, be aware that the people who tell you these things are telling you because they care about you. You can't expect everyone to have the same spiritual maturity you do. You don't need to debate with them or defend your stance, just smile and say "thank you, I will keep that in mind." In Romans 14:13-23), Paul talks about how there is nothing wrong with eating any kind of meat, but not all Christians believe that, so if you are with a Christian who still thinks eating certain kinds of meat is wrong, you should strive to avoid confrontation with them by eating such meats in front of them (or serving them pork or whatever); I think the same applies here, if you are with Christians who have such views, avoid such things while they're around.
It's not good to be reactionary first of all.

That being said, some things will probably hinder a person's walk. Some things may hinder one person and not the next. Some things may just be a lot of fuss over nothing.

For the middle one, it's a bit like drinking. Some folks can't let themselves drink at all while many can enjoy a causal drink now and then.

When I first got spooked about this stuff, I cried. I thought I was going to have to drop everything I liked playing or watching. Eventually I got past this stage and researched things. It made me get deeper biblically and I began to make the decisions that worked for me.

I didn't have anything to do with Pokémon for a year based on some off handed comments made by a pastor and from some twenty year articles from when the franchise launched. 

I just pretended it didn't exist for that year until Pokémon Go's popularity forced me to face and as far as I can discern it's not a hindrance to me.
If you're looking for a bit more detail, at least for the Harry Potter series, try [How Harry Cast His Spell](https://www.tyndale.com/p/how-harry-cast-his-spell/9781414321882) (Formerly published as _Looking For God In Harry Potter_) by John Granger.  I think some of the author's conclusions are a bit of a stretch.  However, I do agree with his overall point.  As I recall, he does briefly discuss why some magic systems are OK, and some are not.  And if you like that, he wrote a bunch more books illuminating the Christian background, sometimes unintended by the author herself, of the Harry Potter books.  
All of Romans 14 is very helpful, but here are some parts: *Accept the one whose faith is weak, without quarreling over disputable matters. ...I am convinced, being fully persuaded in the Lord Jesus, that nothing is unclean in itself. But if anyone regards something as unclean, then for that person it is unclean. So whatever you believe about these things keep between yourself and God.*

I'm a lifelong gamer, as is my husband. I don't see how it's any different than other entertainment, like TV and books. When I'm playing anything, if something comes up that I'm not comfortable with, I'll skip the scene or just look away. It's the same thing I'll do if there's something too obscene in a film or TV show. 

As far as the fantasy genre, I like it too, especially RPGs. I think certain things just depend on the person, like the Bible says. I get strong senses of conviction with things like dark horror movies and paranormal shows... I can't put it into words. Some stuff just seems innocuous, and others don't. The Bible says to rely on the Holy Spirit.
I doubt it, but that's just my opinion. We don't have to involve Christ in our recreation as well, as long as he is in our daily lives in the form of prayer.

As long as you know that it is fiction, it can't hurt to enjoy magical worlds. Just make sure that every night when you pray you reinforce your faith in God and Him alone.
The more of The Spirit of God you are, the more sensitive you will be to things God disapproves of.  

As a younger man I played a lot of Video Games.  My first game, that was not free on windows, was Warcraft II, and I still really like the franchise.  I have been a life long Christian.  I ended up finding God in a big way, and being really full of his spirit.  I ended up seeing things differently.  

When it comes to fantasy, there are a lot of allegories for The Spiritual or God in them, depending on the fantasy.  The Holy Ghost is a teacher and a councilor.  Given you mature in The Spirit, and learn to talk to God, you may be able to see these things.  

Harry Potter is a no-go.  The franchise is based on a "Do as Thou Wilt" philosophy.  Harry is given instructions.  Harry disobeys and does what he wants.  It all ends up working out ok?  Aleister Crowley themed.  

    
> Can Christians play fantasy video games and read fantasy books, or is it gambling with my soul? And if not okay, would it be safe to play games or other entertainment that does not have magic? 

As Lord Jesus Christ taught what you watch with your eyes, affects your whole life, the more you put it in you:

"22 “The lamp of the body is the eye. If therefore your eye is good, your whole body will be full of light. 23 But if your eye is bad, your whole body will be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in you is darkness, how great is that darkness!"
https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=mat+6&version=NKJV

I did also play such computer rpg games for years in the past, but i can attest that they can distract away from God and Lord Jesus Christ and after a while it was very easy for me to forget about Him and sin more and more - it is like becoming spiritually asleep.

For this reason i generally try to stay away from them.

So if they tempt you or people around you to sin and harm your relation with our Father in Heaven, it is better to cut it off and throw it away from you, to not end up condemned, as i believe for some weaker people it served as a gateway into paganism and witchcraft and other occult practices, since they normalize such things, including idolatry with simulated worship of pagan gods, violence/revenge, rather than Christian way and worship.

"23 All things are lawful for me, but not all things are helpful; all things are lawful for me, but not all things edify. 24 Let no one seek his own, but each one the other’s well-being.

25 Eat whatever is sold in the meat market, asking no questions for conscience’ sake; 26 for “the earth is the Lord’s, and all its fullness.”

27 If any of those who do not believe invites you to dinner, and you desire to go, eat whatever is set before you, asking no question for conscience’ sake. 28 But if anyone says to you, “This was offered to idols,” do not eat it for the sake of the one who told you, and for conscience’ sake; for “the earth is the Lord’s, and all its fullness.” 29 “Conscience,” I say, not your own, but that of the other. For why is my liberty judged by another man’s conscience? 30 But if I partake with thanks, why am I evil spoken of for the food over which I give thanks?

31 Therefore, whether you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God. 32 Give no offense, either to the Jews or to the Greeks or to the church of God, 33 just as I also please all men in all things, not seeking my own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved."

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+cor+10&version=NKJV
Praezin, I see your struggling with this, I hope my words can help clear things up.

Firstly, Your not fascinated with Sorcery, Witchcraft ect. What is portrayed in these fantasy books is man's stereotype of what magic is, not magic in actuality. Magic as a word has lost it's fear due to the amount of stereotypical portrayals in our media and that's not coincidence.

You will find the real craft in Freemasonry, Esoterism, Khundalini, and the Khabbal and other Gnostic religions that hail from Babylon. To perform this Magic which they identify and the universal force you would have to join there order, and there is always a master and apprentice type architecture to these, in which you gain more light. It all sounds ridiculous until people find themselves in one of these organizations and you find that the various rituals they do and they willingly submit themselves to these rituals and meditations that piece by peice, gate by gate remove the holy spirit from them and give them the new age spirit.

New age doctrine and it's subtleties are in everything, all of our video games, our movies, TV's Signs, Company Logos's Ect. there an obsession with the occult, with there associated numbers, there symbols and Egyptian glyph's.

So this means to give up everything and lock yourself away in a room for safety? No. Though it grieves me that we preach this. You have within you the holy spirit of the almighty God, let these things be dust and ash before you as we are dust and ash. Fear God and the almighty alone.

All things are made clean unto the lord, but not all things edify. We are also told to do everything with peace and thanksgiving giving unto our Lord savior Jesus Christ. So how do you use games to edify the lord? You have sins I am sure, as we all do. If in your free time you can play this game instead of Lusting, Fornicating Adulterating, Walk Decieitfully, Coveting, Overindulging ect.

Then you can use these things to edify the Lord, there are many diverse things that may be used to edify the lord, just bring these things into the light. Be sure you set apart your time to sanctify him. What is a sin for one man is not a sin for another, if you find yourself addicted to these things then flee from them or gain control over them. Fast in them and show the lord that he has power in your life and return when you have fasted sufficiently.

These are all things I am writing while thinking with spiritual discernment. The very same holy spirit that resides in you. if your doing something, anything and you are  anxious and it feels wrong and it brings negativity into your soul, then flee from it. If it does not darken your eye, if you are not unclean in spirit after it then who can tell you this thing is unclean?

God will shew unto all things concerning his pleasure and grace and gifts. God will shew unto all things concerning his Displeasure and Wrath and chastisements. You are born again, you need not rules or the words of men to tell you your path, you have the holy word of god, and the new covenant written on your heart.

I am confident that if you were playing a game, and if it assaulted your faith and you felt grieved in your soul at it's contents you would flee from it and condemn it. If you're playing online behave as a child of god would, there are many atheist, god bashers, confident backbiters and haters of all things holy who play those games. Stand your ground as testify of your lord be a light in a gathering of sinners and I assure you can can make this thing edify.
I learned recently that the creator of DnD was/is Christian.
That's an interesting point about Harry Potter. As a new parent I'm trying to think about what my son will consume one day, and the lessons about disrespect for authority in HP are an important consideration. 
I think that's a very simplistic and slightly naive explanation of Harry Potter. The stories are full of plenty of good and the "disobedience" you mentioned is way more nuanced than Thelema. 
I still remember playing Warcraft II on a pentium I chip.  I also remember that my grandma, a lifelong christian, was still alive at the time, and I tried to explain the story of Warcraft II to her.  I can only imagine what she thought I was talking about when I showed her the Warcraft II manual with handdrawn pictures of Gul'Dan.  

Since then, I have awoken to God myself, and things (shows, games, movies) that I would have not blinked twice at in the past, now raise my hackles immediately.  They make me uncomfortable.  Not warcraft II in specific, but just in general this happens.

I believe this is the holy spirit, because consciously my stance change has not been so very much.  I see the media programming and the references to darkness now, and subconsciously my lip curls up towards it.  I actually cannot articulate the change very well, but it's left me changed.  


Cool! He is dead, by the way.
I know many pastors who played and at least one who still does. There was a whole podcast on D&D (supportive of it) in one of the Christian programs I listen to some months ago, let me see if I can dig up the episode.

Here it is: http://www.christianhumanist.org/2017/03/the-christian-humanist-podcast-episode-213-dungeons-and-dragons/
God is a Father.  His love is fatherly.  One of the main themes of the Bible is obedience.  God created you.  Is someone in-line with God's plan for them?  In Jeremiah 35 you have the Rechabites.  Judah would not receive instruction from God.  The Rechabites were willing to obey their patriarchal ancestor and his instruction to them.  God blessed the Rechabites.  

Can you follow instructions? No?  You may have issues growing in Faith.  Did you have a dad or a father figure growing up? No?  You may have issues growing in faith.  All wisdom begins with Fear of God.  How do we fear God?  Similar to how one may Fear their dad, but worse.  (Deuteronomy 8:5)  

Harry Potter runs counter to this.  Harry Potter does what he wants.  He is a child in many of the books.  He does not respect authority.  In real world situations, someone who does not respect authority may end up dead or in jail.  That is "Do as Thou Wilt."


I often end up buying video games just to see if I can find God things in them. It is really complicated and hard to break down without going too deep.  Comic books are a good example though.  Many comic books happened to be written by Talmudic Jews.  

Superman is Kal of the House of EL.  God's Angels are Micha-EL  Gabri-EL,  Uri-EL, Ragu-EL and so forth.  The origin story of Superman is like Moses floating down the river Nile.  The movie "Man of Steel" is full of metaphors for Faith.  

>The prophet is God's detective seeking for a lost treasure. (Leonard Ravenhill)  http://ravenhill.org/prophet.htm

[I'm Batman!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itm0acMsjow) 
I know, but it doesn't mean he isnt still Christian!
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | Snickers batman ad
Description | Old tv snickers ad
Length | 0:00:31

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
Haha good point!
I am a Christian with chronic illness. I do not use this as an excuse. I believe that Jesus is turning what Satan meant for harm into something good. IN my weakness, he is made strong. God uses me and my personal story to testify to others how he is working in my life. 
God bless and keep praying. Theres power in Jesus Christs name. Amen
God never gives us more then we can handle, since we know this to be true that makes you stronger then any of us brother. Keep inspiring use your illness to lift others up. May we ever decrease and God ever increase, may you be the sharpest sword on God's belt brother.

Thank you for posting! Be encouraged and strengthened in Christ!  Your post strengthens and humbles me.  I thank God for other members of the body of Christ making it known that He is using their life in every situation to bring glory to His name. God bless you!
Thankyou. I can only hope to encourage and strengthen others with my journey. Even in the moments when it is looking bleak, I want others to know God is my source of strength. The best way to show that is through our real life situations. ☺
I recently came back to the faith after a few years wandering around in the dark and a couple of disastrous life experiences, one of which was my marriage of five years imploding. I had made a close friend towards the end of my marriage. She was privy to all the ways he had hurt me, including but not limited to -- emotional abuse, physical and emotional affairs, slander, stalking, abandonment, etc. She and I were very close and she was a great source of support for me. 

I found out about two months ago that she was close friends with my XH as well, and had been passing along certain information I shared with her to him. I only know this to be true because he and I met one last time to see if there was anything to be saved. There wasnt, as he was still actively sleeping with his mistress and wants to start a life with her instead, but he did quote back to me sensitive information I had only told my friend. 

I ceased contact. This morning, she reached out with a message. Her apology sounds very sincere and she is aware that what she did was not kind. She was very specific in her sins against me and seemed contrite. 

She is not a believer. I am. I'm not sure how to respond. I've been praying. I don't know if this is a chance to extend grace and grow in God or if I'm just throwing pearls to pigs. 
Forgiveness is mandatory. Just remember though, forgiveness doesn't mean you have to trust the person right away.
In Matthew 18:21-35 this forgiveness gets addressed big time.  To sum it up, a king calls in his servant to recoup a debt owed to him, what would be the equivalent of millions of dollars.  The servant begs forgiveness and the king completely clears him of his debt, writes it off completely.  The thankful servant gets up and seeks out another servant who owed him the equivalent of around 20 bucks.  Forgetting what the king just forgave him of, he assaults the servant demanding his money.  The other servants hear of this and tell the king who calls the original servant back in and immediately demands his debt again before throwing him in prison.  It's a parable to show that the Grace given to us is only extended if we allow it to pass through us too.  We're forgiven of a multitude of sins and it's expected of us to also forgive those who sinned against us.  Check it out, maybe it'll help you out in your situation.  I just got through reading a book that puts this into perspective big time: Grace is Greater by Kyle idleman if u get the chance to read it
You need to forgive, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't give yourself time to heal. Start with forgiveness, but don't rush into reconciliation if you aren't ready.
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable, because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you. -C.S. Lewis
Thank you. I'm still a little torn between letting her know I forgive her and asking for space, or if letting her back into my life bit by bit would show the love of Jesus more. 
This is so relevant. Thank you! I have been working hard on releasing bitterness and viewing those who hurt me with compassion. 
True :) 
Does anyone know of communities/blogs/websites etc. where I can find Christian business owners and entrepreneurs? I have been looking all over online and can't seem to find much else that is good besides this subreddit.
[deleted]
Thanks! I will check out LinkedIn, MeetUp, and Facebook for groups like this.
Long story short. I lived with this girl for a year, we dated for 2 years and I'm 25. I've wept every single day for a month straight. I'm completely and utterly destroyed by this. I can't stop thinking about her I can't have a good day, I just can't function. I've tried going to places with friends, I even left home for a few weeks and went to a ranch to pray and seek God. I heard from him there and He told me he had a plan for me and not to be afraid. The thing is I'm not afraid I'm just broken. It's not that I don't think I can find another mate its that I REALLY don't want to. I don't want to move on, I don't want to give up. But my ex says she needs to find herself before shes in another relationship and she doesn't think we can work things out right now and I can't help but feel like what she really wants is to move on from me. We didn't end on bad terms or anything...idk. I know this is rambling and I know most folks won't read this but I guess it helps to pretend I'm talking to someone. I've cried until my eyes hurt, I wake up every day and feel like my heart is bleeding out. I don't want to live anymore but I won't disrespect God by ending my life early. So I'm stuck. In this pain, something I never thought I'd feel. I never had any idea that I could feel so much pain that I could be hurt so deeply. I'm not running from it, I just want it to end...if that makes sense. God asked me to read Job and I did and I really do feel like him. My friends have come to me telling me of the goodness of the lord and that he will bless those who follow him and I just don't understand how anything that's going on right now is ok with him or why its happening. I feel like an animal in a cage just being slowly bled out. I have a lot to be grateful for. I'm wealthy, my family is nice and loves me, I'm educated, smart, talented, etc etc and I just don't give a shit about any of it because I feel like I've lost my "person" in life and that shes not coming back. I know I'm not the first person to go through this and I won't be the last but...I can't imagine anything worse. This has stolen my joy...and I'm having a really hard time finding it. 
Hey man ! Inbox me !! Will be glad to talk to you about this subject. I am currently undergoing the same thing! ^^
Your not alone buddy. I read this and I can say that God is going to do something big.
YOU ARE AN ENDURING SPIRIT!
Hey, I messaged you. I'm going through something similar. I know how you feel. Write back so we can talk.
Hang in there, God knows what you're feeling. He is not at some distant place watching, he is right there with you. When I ealized that, it was a game changer, although I still need reminding. 
thanks, you're about the 8th person to say that to me, some know what I'm going through and some don't. Odd that. 
Hey guys,

I am trying to start a website for fellow christian's to come together and help build each other's faith. I just started it about a month ago and it would be really awesome to get people to join in and contribute. Please feel free to check it out, sign up, and/or contribute.

http://faithfeed.org

God Bless,
Jordan
[deleted]
I appreciate the comment TheBurningRiver7, I would be happy to post content here as well. 
As soon as we're old enough to feel attracted to the opposite sex we all get this idea in our head of what our "perfect" mate would look like, talk like, what their personality would be like and so on and so forth. We spend a lot of time searching for that person that we think would be right for us, we all find a few duds along the way and I think a lot of times we forget to let God lead our hearts. I was with someone for just under 4 years, after 2 years he proposed and I was planning on marrying him. There were signs from day one that it wasn't the right fit but I loved him. After getting engaged which I thought at the time would fix my doubts things only got worse, the signs were more prominent especially after I really began praying for God to show me if I was making the right decisions but at the time even though I was begging God for answers, I ignored every single sign He gave me. God was definitely NOT at the center of the relationship and it breaks my heart to know that I would even allow that to happen. My relationship with Christ truly depleted throughout the four years of the relationship and until I finally found the strength to let the relationship go, I never realized that. I had always thought and claimed that God and my faith were so important to me but in a very crucial point in my life I completely shut Him out. After the end of the relationship when I finally came to this realization and I asked God for His forgiveness things really started to fall into place. My acceptance into nursing school, the return of my lost confidence but most importantly my relationship with God returned to my view. Shortly after this as well, a truly incredible and Godly man walked into my life and truly opened my eyes. B and I grew up 3 blocks away from each other and he spent half of his childhood next door to me because his family was good friends with my neighbors and we even played together from time to time as kids but we'd never really had any real place in each other's lives. B moved to Richmond in 10th grade and so I never even had the chance to know him being that he was 2 years older than me. About a month and a half after I ended my 4 year relationship I connected with B while trying to meet new people on tinder... I know, tinder. B walked into my life in the most beautiful way at the most beautiful time and handed me the whole world. Never has a man lead me to strengthen my faith and my relationship with God the way that he has. I've never been able to have such faith filled intellectual conversations with anyone else, he fills my heart with joy, has taught me unconditional love and constantly encourages me to grow in my Faith and my love for the Lord while also making me smile, and laugh and looking at me like I hung the moon. B is exactly what I have always needed and wanted even if I didn't know it until he was staring me in the face. Everyday with him, I come closer to Christ. I'm going to marry this man one day, we've both known that since day one. I never knew that I, such an imperfect person could love another imperfect person unconditionally and with all of the energy in my body until I met B. 
Congratulations to the two of you. Marriage is a beautiful thing, and that you have Christ at the center of your relationship means you already have the most important thing in place. Thank you for sharing your story!
Awesome story, /u/Brensgirl11. It's super crazy because this almost perfectly matches my own story of how my wife and I became married, except in this case I was the lost one, and my wife was the godly woman that was sent to intervene in my life.

I grew up in a Christian home where faith, sadly, was not taken/taught seriously enough. I had proposed to a high school girlfriend of about 4 years, and about 4 months into our engagement, she broke it off. Less than 6 months later, I met my future wife at the most unlikely of places: a temp job. I'd known her brother for a couple years, but I never knew he had siblings. It was a pretty wild ride for me because I was not strong in my faith, and they weren't willing to let her be in a relationship like that with some "Christian" guy who didn't really share their beliefs, but it's how I really came to know Christ. Less than a year and a half after we met, we were engaged though. 3 months after that we were married.

We're about a month away from our 3-year anniversary, and it's been an amazing marriage so far! It's definitely not without its struggles, but the way God has been working in our lives is truly wonderful.

-

If you're interested though, a few resources that really helped us during our courtship/preparation for marriage were 3 books, the first of which I believe is still free:

* [1001 Questions for Christian Couples](https://www.smashwords.com/extreader/read/55046/1/1001-questions-for-christian-couples)

I simply recommend walking through this book together and answering openly and honestly. It's full of great/deep questions that will help you come to know and understand each other better, as well as understand what your expectations are for each other both now and in the future. It can be awkward at first, but it's so worth it as an avenue for opening up communication in the future.

* [The 5 Love Languages by Gary Chapman](https://www.amazon.com/Five-Love-Languages-Heartfelt-Commitment/dp/B006Q2LTRO/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1495470688&sr=8-7&keywords=the+5+love+languages)
* [Love & Respect by Emerson Eggerichs](https://www.amazon.com/Love-Respect-Desires-Desperately-Needs/dp/1591451876/ref=sr_1_10?ie=UTF8&qid=1495470688&sr=8-10&keywords=the+5+love+languages)

These two books, respectively, opened our eyes to what kinds of love needs both of us had, and gave examples of how to give them. The latter also showed us men need and are really good at giving respect, whereas women need and are really good at giving love, and why it's important to understand the difference.
Awwww

Thank you. That is pretty crazy. It's crazy to think that I had this plan to marry this other person that in theory would have never really worked, at least not very well. I've always gone to church and had an okay relationship with God but until recently I never realized how much I was basically just going through the motions, church every Sunday but never carrying it out throughout the week. The relationship struggled even more being that my ex had NO relationship with God whatsoever nor did he really have any faith at all. In the back of my head that always bothered me, as it should have. How was I going to raise a family to love the Lord if my partner and I weren't on the same page with where Christ belonged in our lives. 
He always claimed that he would help to raise our children to follow Christ but how could he really ever do that if he didn't want to practice what he preached. I knew for a long time that it wasn't going to workout but after 4 years and a year long engagement letting go was not easy and it took me over 6 months to finally get up enough courage but once I did, the things that God did for my life were incredible. B walking into my life in itself is one of the greatest blessings I have ever received, we've known since our first date that we are each others forever partner. With God at the forefront, hand in hand we are unstoppable. 
Thank you for sharing your story with me, this day in age trying to find relatable Christian couples is not an easy thing. And thank you for the resources! We will definitely have to check them out. We've actually been reading a very good book on marriage written by a Christian couple, the title is escaping me currently but it's wonderful reading about the journey of another couple with Christ at the center of their relationship. It amazes me that I was ever able to have a relationship without Christ at the center because it just makes things that much more incredible! 


This just in: human rights aren't really a thing in Russia.

Also, this is very sad, and although I don't consider JW's to be Christians, no one should be persecuted like this.
JW is recognized as a religion here in the US. They're more worthy of protection from taxation than Scientology and all the other scams out there purporting to be religions. Attitude and commitment varies among JW individuals. I've spoken to many when they have knocked at my door. I liked all of them and thought most were sincere in trying to live by Biblical principles. They refused to serve in Hitler's Wehrmacht were rounded up with the Jews in Europe during the Third Reich. I'll stand on their side of that divide any day.

Duuuh on human rights in Russia. But it seems this easily discernible fact hasn't penetrated the skulls of many Americans these days.
It's religious rights not human
Sorry if I was unclear - it's not that I don't think JW is a religion, it's that I don't think they're Christians. Of course they're a religion and deserving of the same freedoms and protections as any other.
Is Atheism a religion?
10-4

In my personal walk with God, I have had plenty of instances where his will was clear and I was too hard-headed (or hard-hearted) to obey. "Thy will be done" is part of the Lord's Prayer formula. Jesus submits his will to the Father before the crucifixion juxtaposed to his own request that if there be any way that the cup pass from him. We are called to live for him. Wanna know his will? Ask him, and you will get your answer. 

Matt. 6:9-13
Luke 22:42
Luke 9:23
James 1:5
I agree and disagree. I disagree in that we should still be praying for God's will to be done. I agree in that more often than not, He's outlined it in the Bible. An interesting study to do is to read and study all the passages that have phrases such as "God's will" or "the will of God." There isn't a more explicit way to learn God's will than to read where it says "this is the will of God."
Either ask Him, or look in the Bible (or ask Him to show you in the Bible).
I agree! Generally speaking we should be praying for God's will to be done, as per the Lord's prayer, but as you say the will of God is outlined in the Bible.

Actually praying 'your will be done' is different to praying 'if it be your will'.
Oh, I understand. But to counter that point, although praying "if it be Your will" is lazy and disingenuous if you never made an effort to actually learn His will through His word, sometimes you have studied His word for answers, and you're still not completely sure, even if it just means you're not understanding it right. I don't think it's wrong to pray "if it be Your will." Again, like I said, if you never bothered to make an effort to actually hear Him out through His word, then you may never get your 'answer,' because it's already been given to you. 
There are three ways that I personally use to find out God's will.

* Look in the Bible
* Ask for wisdom, act on what comes to you
* Take a step, see if you have peace (or not)

I'd also add that it should be done in that order (unless you were already implying that)
Pretty much! Although God could always direct you to look in the Bible.

This is the Day the Lord has made.  Have a Super Lord's Day, both in His house and as we continue through the day.  

This is a humbling quote from a Dr. John D. Morris. Helps me keep a level head through out day to day things.

I am not a 'good' Christian, far from it. But this quote says something to me. 
 “If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8.  

Versus

*[[1Jn 3:9]] KJV* Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.
Read Romans 6-8 and it clearly tells what this means. Read it several times for it to sink in. 
One can be completely free from any known transgression, yet not be mature in their Christian character. We may have faults not yet revealed, yet have a clean conscience and be fully submitted to the Lord as much as we know. Furthermore, we are all guilty of past transgression.

God calls us to live up to the light that we have and continually grow in grace unto a perfect character. We are to walk in obedient submission before Him and, as He reveals more to us, overcome by the transforming power of the Holy Spirit. One who is born of God commits no acts of willful transgression; though he is not yet without blemish. God promises that, if we continue in this path, He will make us completely clean; it's guaranteed. Not only that, but He treats us as if we were already there.
Past vs future tense.
Probably that of we are steeped in sin, total write offs before god, the law shows us how imperfect and sinful we are, that we would never be righteous in gods eyes, and never delude yourself that you can be without Jesus - but that because of Jesus, god has credited his righteousness to us, so even after being born again your are still doomed by sin, but you now have Jesus so your are righteous in gods eyes
*[[Rom 6:17]] KJV* But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.
*[[Rom 6:18]] KJV* Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness.

The verses following
Makes it sound like we sin no more. . .
Somehow I don't think that using Paul to interpret John is good hermeneutical method. I'd like to hear your interpretation, though, if you'd share it.
How do you figure? They both appear to be in a functionally present tense (1:8 in greek is an aorist subjunctive, but that doesn't mean past, and 3:9 is in present tense)
You must take the entire 3 chapters as it clearly say in a nut shell that we still sin in the flesh but we a saved by our marriage to Christ. Please read all 3 all three chapters. You would have a more clear understanding in a more current translation. I like the amplified bible because it is thorough but very clear. 
[**Romans 6:17 | Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (RSVCE)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+6&version=RSVCE)

>[**17**] But thanks be to God, that you who were once slaves of sin have become obedient from the heart to the standard of teaching to which you were committed,  

[**Romans 6:18 | Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (RSVCE)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+6&version=RSVCE)

>[**18**] and, having been set free from sin, have become slaves of righteousness.  


***
[^Code](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot) ^| [^Contact ^Dev](/message/compose/?to=konohitowa) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| ^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 


Scripture does interpret scripture and what I gave you applies to your question.
Oh thank you. I hadn't thought you meant chapters. I mistakenly saw it as Romans 6:8
It's not my question, but no, I don't understand how this answers the question.
understood, have a blessed day.
Lately I do not feel God anymore.  I have been struggling with finding a job and have had 0 success. I have prayed and pleaded with God for a job and its been 4 months.  I no longer feel God is a part of me and am unsure what to do any longer.  Any help is appreciated.
I've been there man.  Out of work for several YEARS in the recent recession.  One thing that helped sustain me is realizing that God is always in control.  Even when it seems like He's not.  For example, in Genesis 39 Joseph gets falsely accused of rape, and thrown in prison.  Pretty easy to be asking "What's the deal God?"

But we know how the story ends.  God is in control, I'm praying for you to get a great job.  Persevere & don't lose faith in God!
Not to down play your situation at all, but giving up on your maker because you don't get what you asked for seems  a little childish. I'm assuming that you are from the US, and if you are, our definition of poor is quite different than other regions of the world. Let go and let God. Keep up the fight do your due diligence, but if you don't get a job at a place you applied for maybe there is a reason. God created a giant fish whose sole purpose in life was to swim by and eat Jonah floating in the ocean, only to spit him up 3 days later. The fish's role seems small, but without it the story of Jonah takes a big turn. Maybe your role is to take a job at a place that you haven't even seen yet in order to witness to someone else. Don't count God out just because he hasn't answered your prayer in the way you wanted. Sometimes the answer is "no", sometimes it's "not yet" sometimes it's "I don't want you there". Your needs will be met if you're doing what God wants you to do.
"For we walk by faith, not sight"

Don't let feelings or situations deceive you. God will provide. 

Mathew 6:25
Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life[a]?

28 “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. 29 Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30 If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? 31 So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. 33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34 Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.

Seek first His kingdom and His righteousness! Are you repentant? 

I've been in terrible situations before and God has always provided. My only regret looking back is that I doubted Him and I was so afraid. 

Remember the story of Joseph. God showed him visions and dreams of His plan for him. Joseph was to be a ruler and his family and many would bow down to him. He was tempted by an adulterous woman and when Joseph rejected her this led to him being thrown into prison. He sat in prison for 2 years before he became the second in command of all of Egypt! 

Joseph knew that God would do what he promised. Imagine if he let fear and doubt get to him during those 2 years? 

You can do this. God, the LORD, is with you. 

"I shall never leave you, nor shall I ever forsake you"
"Oh ye of little faith, why do you fear?"
In 2008, I went through the hardest time in my life and will probably be the hardest time I will ever go through.

Let's backtrack a little. After years of running from God, He confronted me one day out of the blue. From that point on, I devoted my life to following God, not just believing in Him and loving Him. Once I began to follow God, things got difficult. Really difficult. I worked for Verizon Wireless at the time and I would tell people, "I bleed Verizon." God didn't like that so much and because I was willing, He decided to change it. 

I began getting extreme anxiety anytime I entered the building where I worked to the point where I could not go into the building. After months of being on short term medical leave, it came to a point where I could quit or be fired. I quit. That was May of 2008. 

Since around Nov of 2007, God was "going away." He got quiet. I used to describe the situation as, "I feel like God and I just had an amazing day at Kennywood and we got back to my place and he said, 'Hold on.. I have something amazing for you. Wait here .' and then He went into the other room...and I waited...and waited....and waited. When I prayed, it was like praying to the sun on a cloudy day. No warmth. No rays of sunlight. No shadows proving the sun was still there. 

Around summertime of that year, God came through and got the opportunity to move back to my hometown and buy out a retiring photographer and take over his business (only under my name). And that's exactly what I did.

But there is one more piece to the story, the last Sunday I lived in Pittsburgh I went to church and the sermon was titled, "The quiet times of God." The pastor explained that during those time in our life when we can't hear God no matter how much we pray, we start scrambling around and freaking out and He just looks down at us and says one word. He says, "Chill!" (He was an amusing pastor). Basically what the sermon was saying is: Those times in your life when God is being really quiet are the times He is doing the most. He is preparing for you.

It's been almost 10 years since then and now, my wife (married 3 years) is running the photography business full time, until a year ago we both ran the business full time but I got a job as a newspaper writer for health benefits and we are less than a month away from adopting our foster child. 

As terrible of a time that it was (there were more details that I dealt with rather than just anxiety), I would do it all again for this.
I'm in the same boat as you with regards to job hunting.  As /u/rocker895 and Dr. Jack Hyles say: God is still on the throne [regardless of your job situation].

If you're saved, one day you're going to be ruling and reigning with Christ while the heathen and those who persecuted you will be in the lake of fire.  Everyone including me are responsible for bringing sin and death into the world in varying degrees as darkness comprehended not the Light, the same curse of the flesh will be separated from you by faith on God's operation in your heart by faith.

Rejoice in your tribulation, for what is a son who is without chastisement but a bastard?
Success does not always equate to feeling God.
When God is silent He is working to do something amazing, preparing something for you. Keep praying, seeking and being obediant. Seek and you will find. He never leaves or forsakes you.
I know it's painful and stressful not to find work, but I would also warn you to not let job satisfaction or financial security to usurp and surpass your passion for Christ and the Gospel. It's easy to let things like work become idols. God is not merely a vending machine of comfort to those who claim His name, nor should we measure the health of our relationship with Him by physical comfort or prosperity. Paul was usually poor and homeless, living off the generosity of others, and plagued by a mysterious thorn in the flesh put there by God Himself to ensure Paul would continuously lean on Christ. Likewise, for the Christian, joblessness, sickness, and the like are opportunities to lean on Christ more, not despair of His absence.
IM DELETING YOU, DADDY!😭👋 ██]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] 10% complete..... ████]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] 35% complete.... ███████]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] 60% complete.... ███████████] 99% complete..... 🚫ERROR!🚫 💯True💯 Daddies are irreplaceable 💖I could never delete you Daddy!💖 Send this to ten other 👪Daddies👪 who give you 💦cummies💦 Or never get called ☁️squishy☁️ again❌❌😬😬❌❌ If you get 0 Back: no cummies for you 🚫🚫👿 3 back: you're squishy☁️💦 5 back: you're daddy's kitten😽👼💦 10+ back: Daddy😛😛💕💕💦👅👅

EDIT: Holy 👼🏻💩 shiet! Uh-oh my potty🚽 👄mouth hope I don't get spanked ))👋 😢 . I literally 🏃🏼🏃‍ walked away for 15 🕛 🕑 🕒minutes and came💦💦 back to 750 up🔝votes and 💰gold💰 💃🏼💯💃🏼💯💃🏼 I want to thank all you lovely 👨‍👨🏽‍daddy👨🏽‍👨s for making me squishy💗 filling me with all the yummy 🍆💦cummies💦 in my 🙇 tummy😘😘😘!!!

No but pleading to be able to provide for your family does.  I'm looking for more in depth answers/analysis not one word quips and out.
but not having health insurance with a sick 2 year old is more than enough for anyone to handle...
You sound salty too. Instead of knocking someone's comments you may want to be a little more greatful.
Come on guys were supposed to be like Jesus
Grateful is the word you are looking for 
You are right I digress.
When I first got saved; I feel like things were simpler. I suffer of depression and issues of self worth. Back then, I trusted God, and He helped me get through things and I kept my eyes focused  on Him, and kept growing spiritually. It was child-like and things just happened.

I'm in college, and I have this struggle where I will like a girl every year or so, or every semester when I meet a different one and I can't stop thinking about her. It's painful, I get the worst crush on her to the point where it's unhealthy, and I hate it. Good thing is it's not sexual. It's just infatuation and a strong desire to spend time with her. 
I get angry at God because I don't understand why He would allow me to go through this (because I absolutely hate it) and it's like I'm helpless against it. 
Now, when I have my really bad days, I just can't seem to trust God anymore. I just want to go back to that place where the old cliché of "Letting go and let God" works once again; I have a jard time accepting that God has my best interests in heart. 
He allows you to go through it because He wants you to trust on Him to move past it! God will never give you a challenge you cannot complete. Pray. Ask God for help. Make him the center of your life. 
I feel that I am in a very similar situation to the one that you are in. One thing you have to keep in mind is that you are here on earth to be a witness. Ask God to change your heart to delight in him and be content in your current situation as opposed to asking him to change your situation. It is a much more powerful witness when people see your joy amidst a trial versus joy when you come out of said trial. I'm not saying it's wrong to ask God to take you out of your situation but being angry at God for not taking you out of it is a bad attitude to have. You are essentially saying you know better than God. You have to trust his wisdom
A time of Prayer and Fasting sharpens and hardens your walk with God, perhaps contemplate giving that a chance. 
This isn't bible based necessarily, but ask the girl out dude. Your not asking her to get married. Say "Hey, I would really like to spend more time with you, wanna get (coffee, dinner, ice cream, whatever) sometime? If she says no it's a lot easier to get over than wondering "what if?"
Fellow single college dude here! What's worked best for me is very intentionally, directly and frequently telling God that I lift that part of my life up to him. There's something about simply saying it - several times - that makes me more at peace with being single. Also, I'm not sure what your struggle with temptation looks like, but avoid porn. I'd recommend making sure you are spending a good amount of time in Scripture and prayer. Maybe check out reading a book like "The Cost of Discipleship" by Diedrich Bonhoeffer, or "Wild at Heart" by John Eldridge. 

I know that stuff sounds really cliché, but it's cliché for a reason. There is also a really good Breakaway podcast on Single- ness. Check it out at http://breakawayministries.org - it's got some good stuff, but in a nutshell: singleness is a time of your life when you have more free time to pursue God and His plan for you. It's a gift, in a manner of speaking. They explain it a lot better lol. 

Feel free to PM me or respond w/ questions!
Lots of good advice in this thread. I'd just like to add, that there are "levels" of spiritual development. Not in terms of like being more advanced, but think about how you develop biologically over your lifetime; we kind of do that with our spiritual lives too.

James Fowler presents a pretty good model on this. One of the important things to note is that whatever level you're at, the level above you probably looks like heresy. His Wikipedia page presents the stages of faith, and it links them with a stage of biological development, though this is not to say that you go through these stages of faith at those stages of your life (like, just because you're in your 20s doesn't mean that you're necessarily in stage 4).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_W._Fowler

All that to say: God is taking you on a journey. Your relationship with God gets to grow and become richer, fuller, deeper. There is something wonderful and magical about playing in the shallows, building sand castles and watching the waves wash them away; it's something else entirely to take the scuba gear and swim around the reef. They're both true and real experiences of the ocean, and they're both good, but they're not the same. Don't despise where God has brought you to because it is less comfortable than where God had you before. If there's anything the characters of Scripture can teach us, it is that being close to God is often (usually) an uncomfortable experience.
Perhaps you're uncomfortable being a man. Attraction to women, even sexual attraction is normal. The spirit doesn't want us to lust, but that word implies forsaking the peace we know in Christ to chase something else as God. Not just attraction. 

How about you take time with just you and God more. Show him exactly the things you feel most ashamed and a failure about. The things you think he won't like. What about things that happened to you in childhood, bad memories? What about a crappy relationship with parents? What about never feeling worthwhile and wondering where that comes from? 

 See what that does. Start praying and asking for where your sadness and low morale come from. Ask why you no longer are satisfied with the simplicity you once enjoyed. Was it sin? Was it distraction? Video games and fantasy? Porn? Maybe you're just growing and there is no sin. And it's just a new step in your relationship with God.

It's possible to have been infatuated with God, you know. And now the initial high is sputtering. If you go back to him and be real you'll find he's every bit as dynamic and beautiful and incomprehensible as before. When we stop being infatuated with a girl, it's not because she's so boring now, although lol sometimes it is, but usually because we stopped pouring what is really in us out for her. Our feelings and thoughts as they are. But with God he is so much better and incredible to know if we risk exposing what we'd rather hide, to see what he really thinks of us and if he'll love us the same as before. 

Like, we understand what he shows us eventually. But there is always so much more to him that blows the mind away with how good and endlessly lovable he is. What if you just told him you're bored and it's not his fault but you who haven't told him how you've been feeling?

TLDR; pray more.
Believe it or not, Catholicism. Disregard what I say as heresy, but the notion of a pure gospel unadulterated by rite and tradition is a Protestant myth. Everyone wants to get a real and personal relationship with Jesus, because that's where it all begins. But ... anyway maybe you think I'm crazy. There is a book by David Currie called Born Fundamentalist Born Again Catholic. This is a good introduction to the question you asked. 

You want to go to the pure gospel, repent. Look at your life. Is it God ignoring you, or you him? Where do you go for guidance? I was a Protestant for 30 years and only when I began looking into early church history and asking questions about Christianity did I start looking for answers. For example, I grew up thinking Catholics ruin the Bible with traditions. But it was men who wrote the Bible, men inspired with tradition and the Holy Spirit. Not the other ways around. My biological dad used to say that all scripture is good for correction and study, echoing Paul. We all believed that the NT was part of scripture. It is now, but only because the Catholic Church made the Bible. When Paul wrote those words, that was just a letter then talking about the Old Testament etc, not about himself and his scraps of parchment. We honor those now because of their obvious value, but the were not canon until hundreds of years later when the first canon came into being. Early church is Catholic Church, and although there is abuse and heresy in some members it it not in dogma. The church has stayed true and relatively stable for 2000 years.

Look for yourself. Catholics, the real ones (and you have fakes in every Protestant congregation too) also enjoy a personal relationship with Jesus. We just didn't call it by those words. 
So many Christian men anymore just think they are Satan for liking a girl. There is a difference between lust and liking just like there's one between hatred and annoyance. Letting God into whatever it is we feel and experience is the true cure to all this confusion. Because God is truth. Whatever it is he tells us is the right way forward.

So, what are your thoughts on this? Do you find this to be true in your own context? What are your thoughts on how to address the concerns raised by the article?
It's time for the new!
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01GPJP9QY/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1487286827&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=the+lifestyle+of+heaven+ascending&dpPl=1&dpID=51oxJUWOlFL&ref=plSrch
There is book 2 as well. 
After I saw the movie " heaven is for real" I was shocked on the unbelief of the church...
Many have gone deeper than that. Way deeper!
They is the cutting edge church of God. Which is much more fun. 
The problems are that people live in a lukewarm - compromising life! That's why you have that article! 
> these beliefs reveal a big problem

Could anyone help me understand more clearly why this is a 'big problem'?
It more true than not in my context. I think the problems can all be traced back to a lack of disciple making that's both relational and intentional. What about your context?
What does this have to do with the post??
I do think that just about everything comes back to relational and intentional disciple making. 
Hey, i am new at this - trying to find my way around, what is the post ? It has to do with new things of the church.

You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength. 
Amen.  
Why?
I'm trying to understand why this country is so against Christianity but have open arms for things that either mock it or just plain condemns it. I've noticed that over the decades it's been pushed out from different areas. 
Ephesians 6:12 [NLT]

For we are not fighting against flesh-and-blood enemies, but against evil rulers and authorities of the unseen world, against mighty powers in this dark world, and against evil spirits in the heavenly places. 
Something no one else is saying here (so far) is this:

"Christendom" followed on the heels of the collapsing Roman Empire. The West eventually became the dominant military, economic, linguistic, and technological power of the world. Christianity's "fusion" with "Western culture" put Christian(-esque) philosophy, moral traditions etc. in the "power-seat." Essentially, Christianity went on a long-term doomed course once it fused with earthly authority. So a lot of what we might interpret as "Oh people just hate Jesus and the cross" is *actually* people hating how much abuse of power has been committed "in the name of Jesus."

And I'm NOT simply talking about stuff like the Crusades, but more widespread practices like the historical association of missionaries coming right alongside imperial invasions, "establishing" Christianity as an "official" religion, using law (whether in monarchy or democracy) to force people to follow biblical rules/customs/morals, etc. Even the subtle (or not so subtle) shaming tactics we use to socially penalize or reward people based on how well they conform to our idea of what's "holy and righteous" gets increasingly offensive, especially when we act like we're the only ones with any real concept of right & wrong.

People HATE when you force them to live according to things they simply do not believe in...but many Christians have done that to others for a very long time. It's one way we've done a terrible job of loving our neighbors as ourselves, and accordingly been horrible representatives of Jesus. We resent having someone else's (e.g. secular, Islamic, or whatever) morals jammed down OUR throats, but then we do it to everyone else when we're in power all the same. Hence, a lot of people associate Christianity with heavy-handedness, preachiness, and hypocrisy rather than Christlikeness.


"You know that those who are regarded as rulers of the nations lord it over them, and their high officials exercise authority over them. Not so with you. Instead, whoever wants to become great among you must be your servant, and whoever wants to be first must be slave of all. For even the Son of Man [I myself] did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many." --Jesus (Mark 10:42-45)

"Blessed are the meek *[not the heavy-handed]*, for **they** shall inherit the earth." --Jesus (Matthew 5:5)

Because the Holy Spirit-inspired Scriptures tell us it will be so. 2 Tim 3:

> 1 You must understand this, that in the last days distressing times will come. 2 For people will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boasters, arrogant, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, 3 inhuman, implacable, slanderers, profligates, brutes, haters of good, 4 treacherous, reckless, swollen with conceit, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God, 5 holding to the outward form of godliness but denying its power. Avoid them! 6 For among them are those who make their way into households and captivate silly women, overwhelmed by their sins and swayed by all kinds of desires, 7 who are always being instructed and can never arrive at a knowledge of the truth. 8 As Jannes and Jambres opposed Moses, so these people, of corrupt mind and counterfeit faith, also oppose the truth. 9 But they will not make much progress, because, as in the case of those two men, their folly will become plain to everyone. 10 Now you have observed my teaching, my conduct, my aim in life, my faith, my patience, my love, my steadfastness, 11 my persecutions, and my suffering the things that happened to me in Antioch, Iconium, and Lystra. What persecutions I endured! Yet the Lord rescued me from all of them. 12 Indeed, all who want to live a godly life in Christ Jesus will be persecuted. 13 But wicked people and impostors will go from bad to worse, deceiving others and being deceived. 
Thank you, so spiritual and mental warfare
I would say that the popular voices in LA, San Francisco, Portland, and New York have become louder than the overall opinion. I think people hate religion in general and are hostile to Christianity because satan has authority in this world still. I meet people daily who are open to Jesus wherever I go and nothing stops me. People can't argue when they get healed or see God transform a life. Life with Jesus is fun! 
Because the devil is against God and he is behind all the anti-Christian & anti-Jewish sentiment. The devil has no reason to attack Islam or Hinduism etc.
But be encouraged that there is a powerful move of God in the world. You're just not seeing it on popular media. The church is growing exponentially in places where it has been historically absent. Growth of the underground Chinese church cannot be numbered, but one estimate is 175 million. The three fastest growing churches (by nation) are in Iran, Afghanistan, and Cambodia. There are more Christians in Africa than any other continent. Churches in Europe are growing for the first time in centuries, because of Islamic refugees. Muslims are having dreams and visions of Jesus. 

We must not stop praying, especially for the modern West. God has not forsaken us, and foolish people cannot shame the Gospel out of its power. I hope that's encouraging!!
That is a complicated question.  I don't know that I can 100% answer it at this time, but from my angle, it seems to have to do with sin, secrets, and sweeping things under the rug rather than doing the right thing.  

What do you love most?  God or something else?  If someone loves something else more than God, like winning, a sport, their car, etc that could potential give Satan an in.  

You could also blame it on Evil Farmers.  (Luke 20:9-19)  They may know of God, and of spiritual things, but they plant poisonous seeds.  They work to corrupt instead of grow. 

What are you observing that makes you think that? I assume you're talking about USA.
Lord Jesus Christ taught:

"Everyone will hate you because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved."

http://biblehub.com/mark/13-13.htm

also:

" 19 And this is the condemnation, that the light has come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil. 20 For everyone practicing evil hates the light and does not come to the light, lest his deeds should be exposed. 21 But he who does the truth comes to the light, that his deeds may be clearly seen, that they have been done in God.”

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John+3

People hate God's light by Christ shining in the world, because it convicts them that their deeds are evil.
I've read a lot of these comments.  You find plenty of landing spots for blame.  The real reason is your own hypocrisy.  You claim to be about love as you murder.  You claim to be about forgiveness as you seek revenge.  You claim to be about charity as you show none to those who do not agree with you.  A person claiming to be a Christian is telling the easiest lie.  You disgust the world with your lies as you smile and congratulate yourselves.  Humanity's only hope is in your transparency and our rejection of your ways.
Thank you for that reply it was beautiful 




The reason why porn has this hold over you is because you don't have a biblical view of the naked body. Most churches don't either. But I also used to have the same view as you until I finally understood the naked body is NOT automatically a sexual one. For 10+ years I was not able to break the cycle of porn. I continually put my face in the mud until I learned the better way, from people who had already freed themselves from this

- Our culture classically conditioned you to think naked = erotic [classical conditioning - google.com](https://www.google.com/search?q=classical+conditioning). That is a lie 
- This is the truth: naked body = god's image (at least in part)

This why women/men are beautiful when naked (at least some of the time :) ), because God is beautiful. In the same way the motion of rolling waves, sound of music, or the bodies of animals are non-sexually beautiful so is the human body. They are all a reflection of God's beauty. When you think and behave like this is true it will set you free. Temptation will be *substantially* minimized (for a lot of people porn is almost immediately removed from their life). You can look at the naked body and honor God instead of sinning against him. The site MyChainsAreGone.org helped me realize this, I highly recommend reading through it. It's not very long. The core content is only about 50 book length pages. The authors lay out the fundamental teachings of the Bible about the human body, its intended beauty, that'll free you


  - Read this [Is there ANY Strategy Against Porn that REALLY Works? - mychainsaregone.org](http://mychainsaregone.org/is-there-any-strategy-against-porn-that-really-works)
  - Then this [Start Here - mychainsaregone.org](http://mychainsaregone.org/start-here)

Some things you maybe thinking about:

  - It's very strong evidence that many cultures (ex. early Christian during baptisms) and many social situations (ex. hospitals) don't consider nakedness an automatically sexual situation. More details: [The Pornographic View of the Body - mychainsaregone.com](http://mychainsaregone.org/articles/pornographic-view)
  - Common question, "But what about nakedness and shame in the Bible?" Incomplete answer, it's usually about poverty or a poor translation from Hebrew to English, not sexual perversion. Better answer: read [The Biblical Shame of Nakedness - mychainsaregone.and](http://mychainsaregone.org/the-biblical-shame-of-nakedness/#) and [Nakedness in the OT - thebiblicalnaturist.com](http://thebiblicalnaturist.com/articles/Nakedness%20in%20the%20OT.pdf)
  - Common question, "But how are you sexually stimulated if not primarily with the body?" Incomplete answer, relationally. It's the unification of both partners lives in every way. It's the "I want you" impulse. Better answer: read [Lie 2: Automatic Arousal - mychainsaregone.org](http://mychainsaregone.org/lies/lie-2/)
  - Also, lust does not equal getting an erection. In Biblical languages lust is the exact same thing as covet. So lust has more to do with actions and not things you can't control. More details on difference between lust and sexual desire [i.imgur.com](http://i.imgur.com/KvL19SZ.png)
  - If you want to use this truth to help free you from pornography I really think you should read through some of the stuff on the website. Taking the few sentences I wrote here and trying to apply them now might only result in frustration because there are still a few things you might not understand. However, the short answer to healing is: stop porn by changing your mind then stop getting automatic erections by simple repeated exposure to non sexual nudity; read this as well [post by u/pinechas - reddit.com](https://www.reddit.com/r/cosmicservant/comments/4l0vsy/post_by_upinechas/). This will slowly break your biological and psychological conditioning

Hope this helps
I was addicted to porn and masturbation starting from 11 years old, now being almost 30.

Then i excused it as normal, since my parents are atheists and had lots of erotic books. Then later my schoolmates would excuse porn, due to lack of knowledge of Christian faith - as if it made you more grown-up.

Then came the 2000s with the growing focus on beautiful women in media, adult movies at night on tv, later the internet with more and more access to hardcore porn.

However i still felt guilt for it, due to being addicted and fear of relationships with real girls feeling like i was weak and did not deserve love.

Later my mind was getting deranged, living in fear, worry, depression, thinking i could become some maniac, homosexual or pedophile.

After other methods of trying to beat my addiction failed, i tried to read the New Testament Bible, to see if there's really God and if He would help me or not.

After some years i did believe that Jesus Christ is really Son of God and accepted Him as Lord and Savior, did repent of some sins, but not going to the church due to pride, was unable to stop porn and masturbation addiction, except for a few weeks.

I started seeking help from other Christians, first online by reading porn addiction sites for Christians, then joining an online Christian group Be free in Christ - receiving prayers and advices from other brothers with the same sin how to fight better against it, by prayers, by porn filter, by confessing my sins, by going to the church to grow in Christian faith (as Lord Jesus said: Where 2 or 3 are gathered in my name, there I am in their midst), by Bible studies teaching to cutting down on worldly entertainment (violent or sex-promoting movies, games, books,tv) or any objects which did tempt me to sin - that's how i did destroy some porn books which got me hooked first on porn, along with other sources of sinful influences like disks with sex games, stories, porn clips, non-Christian books like new age, krishnaite religion, etc.

This way by God's help i could focus more on Him, prayer and Bible study, being less tempted to sin and falling to sin less often, once in a couple of months.

Though i still need to be attentive, especially at times of illness, stress, being tired or after seeing a sexually attractive woman.

Generally for growing freedom from sin and growing in Christian faith:

- Confession and repentance, asking God for forgiveness and help to overcome this sin in Lord Jesus' name

- relationship with God and Christ by prayer, Bible study

- cutting off sources of sin and temptation

- Christian fellowship by church going and confession of sins, for prayers and advice

For more Christian resources see this:

http://porn-free.org/

http://befreeinchrist.com/
Pornography is a tool used against the mind and the only way is to avoid any association that causes our mind to lust after the flesh of a woman. This could mean stop viewing, discussing, imagining, hearing etc. anything that provocate the mind to dwell on it. In addition to prayer and even making yourself accountable to another person. 
Thank you. After years of searching for a solution, I think I've finally found one! I can't say thank you enough!
Welcome :) You can also contact the people at mychains. They're very responsive to email
Hello! So we are working on overcoming. We want to come together as the body of Christ and create a safe space for young adults to talk about their struggles , pray and hold each other accountable. If you're interested, click the link below or private messge me to add you. God bless
G.O.P Young Heirs](kik.me/g/AUMq69KXmytyIDfqrrsO6BUpWKA)
If only it were a Reddit group and not a Kik group!
Yeah I don't have Kik either but idk if I should get one
Wait for marriage, there are so many things that can go wrong if you give into temptation. 
Hey i really have no idea what kik is, maybe a whatsapp or a viber group will do! Whatchathink? 
UPDATE

Guys, this isn't working out! For those of you still interested I'm thinking about making a Whatsapp group.
[deleted]
Whatever is needed for the group will be done. If you have a US phone number I'll be more than happy to make a "GroupMe" so we can all be in a group over text message. PM me your number so I can add you to group. One way or another, we need this to take off.
I don't use kik. But this is a great idea. If someone wants to start a Telegram group or BBM let me know. 
I think it's a great idea. 
I could definitely open up a snapchat group
There is a good 90% of the world that doesn't want to wait for marriage and just wants to experience self-gratification. Me being one of those who have slipped into this mindset. I know it's wrong, I know it goes against God, and yet we still choose to disobey God.
Or a slack group!  
What worship songs do you enjoy? I'm trying to build a custom Spotify playlist. 

Personally, I enjoy Josh Garrels' Father Along:

https://youtu.be/q1wy6MGoG7Y
That's a great song. Look into Jon Foreman's solo work, a lot of it is very good. 
[deleted]
I play in the worship band and we draw a lot of material from Bethel, Hillsong United, and Jesus Culture. 
I love DC  Talk, I play the same songs in my car everyday, I never get tired of them. I also love the classics like, "in Christ alone", "Lord I lift your name on high", " Awesome God" and so on.
[Abiding Radio](http://www.abidingradio.org)

Beautiful, true Christian worship music. Instrumental, vocal or children's.
Passion - Hillsong Young & Free

Wow that song was awesome!
Search top 40 Christians songs on YouTube 

With the hurt and furstration that's showing itself as violence in our cities, we need to all ask ourselves some tough questions. Who or what are we trusting? Is it what the media says? Is it what the govt says? Is it what everyone else says? Or are we honoring the God-given rights of each other, and what change must come to truly respect the image of God within ourselves, others, and our country? It's a time to be united, not be divided.
 IN GOD WE TRUST
I hear repeatedly, "pray for *insert city here*." Even the President says "God bless America" in his speeches, yet no one wants to turn back to God.  No one wants to repent.  We in this country want the blessings of God, and then to tell Him to take his laws and hit the road.  
Strange you are completly unaware of the freedomfromreligionfoundation and other atheistic groups campaigning to remove all signs of Christianity from public life?

Yes Christians trust in God, but the numbers identifing as none is climbing.

This is all? No specific issue?

Well, without much to go on, I can tell you that this is common if a relationship with Jesus. My best advice is to top seek fellowship, a joining of faith with like minded people. This will serve to remind you what your relationship SHOULD be. Don't get me wrong,I struggle with this too. I'll pray for you. 
Second paragraph. First you put we ask Jesus into our life and then two sentences later you say we're called. Let me tell you it's most definitely God choosing us. Election is all throughout the bible. We have NO say on if we turn to Christ. This page has great answers to this. http://www.letgodbetrue.com/questions/book-of-life.php
I study at salvationbygrace.org with Pastor Jim McClarty. He delves as deep as anyone I've ever seen into topics like this. Getting the original Greek wording correct is essential in understanding the text. New translations cause confusion especially in places like John 3:16 and 1 Timothy 2:4.
Read the Bible story Ester. It never says God's name in the entire book but you can tell that God is working
Thanks for the feedback! I'll work on being more specific. I wrote this hoping it would be relatable. 

I agree with you, should have worded that better. 
Hey guys.  I'm expressing a little frustration but also really hoping we can do something about this.

So many atheists still think that Christians believe that salvation/heaven comes through obedience to the law.  But that is the antithesis of the Gospel.

Does anyone have an idea for how we can communicate this on a mass scale to the atheists of Reddit?  So many uninformed/misinformed atheists just need to hear a super succinct proclamation of the Gospel:  People can't obey the law; Jesus saves people; THEN Jesus starts gradually making them good and gives them the ability to follow the law.

Or something to that effect.
Because in my experience, many atheists (on reddit, at least) weren't raised that way. Most, it seems, were raised in some Christian denomination, and their parents used the church and the presence of God as an obedience tool. Kids being kids, then begin to question and rebel against authority.

I'm a minister and a father of teenagers. I see the same sort of questioning rebellion from my children, as atheists express toward God. For claiming not to believe in him, a lot of atheists sure have a lot of anger toward him.

I had pretty much the same experience growing up Catholic. There was a lot of talk about sin and repentance, but not a lot about grace and forgiveness. It wasn't until my mid-20s that I learned I was powerless to sin and a slave to it, and that only the saving grace of Christ could rescue me. Once that sunk in, my whole perspective changed.

I've tried to impart this to atheists, but to little avail. The reaction is usually incredulous, and they claim that my interpretation (as if it were mine alone) is wrong, and that Christianity is really about hating on sinners. I'm at a loss sometimes as to how to communicate the gospel effectively, but I keep trying.
As an atheist I have to ask: What does your post even mean? It makes little sense to me. Can you explain?
A profound statement was made by a one, Reverend Ike in the 70s: "One of the best things you can do for the poor, is not be one of them."

What's the spiritual parallel of that statement? It would probably be: "One of the best things you can do for the blind, is not be blind."

The majority of atheists that exist today are so as a result of themselves or their parents not knowing the truth as they were given the privilege to. They didn't make it their own; it was a side thought for them. And so, when presented with sophistries by which they could lax themselves into a lesser and lesser connection with their God, they took it each time, until full rebellion presented its shallow benefits, and they gave up reverence for the God of Heaven & Earth.

**The Law**: *(which one?)*

As you've expressed concern of persons saying we have to keep the law to be saved, and it being contrary to the gospel—I'd ask the question, which one? More often than not, the atheists & those of our own camp, are thinking of the same one.

There are two laws found in the Bible. And thanks to the way English is used, along with a disregard for contextual expectations, we've come to the point where we think "law" is refering to only one. There is the Moral Law: otherwise known as The Decalogue or The Ten Commandments; and the "law of Moses" or the ceremonial law(s).

**Confusion in speech**:

Paul wrote in a way that was a bit different from the others, but was as a result of his educated disposition & individual personality. Many of the believers & opposers alike would twist what he said and confused themselves for the very same reasons we're in a lot of trouble today, as expressed by Peter:

- “*And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you;  As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction.*” - 2 Peter 3:15‭-‬16 KJV

Many who didn't know the basics as they should, due to a lack of good 'ole hard study, tried to use the fact that Paul spoke on eternal things in a way they deemed not worth their thorough contemplation. Today the "law" is one such a thing for us. And you wouldn't guess from whose epistles come these "misunderstandings?"

The best we can do for the atheists is to understand the gospel well enough and clear enough that we may, through patience, show them that one of those laws is still binding and VERY much a part of the gospel, and the other, indeed was nailed to the cross—which pointed to Someone. When that person came and went, those ceremonial laws pointing to what He would go through were no longer necessary. The Moral Law, however, is a transcript of His very character. 

Could it be that the reason we have so many atheists today is because somewhere down the line, Christendom had gotten it into our minds that God's Moral Law, which was at creation week—nay—even observed by angels, was only for the Jews and not mankind's as a whole? It doesn't take much for an unbelieving heart to conclude there is no God, and feel they can do as they please. The sad question is, do we do the same? Can we then blame them for their anger, when we too aren't as studious, as they make themselves, when blaspheming the Creator of all the Earth?

- “*If you love me, keep my commandments.*” - John 14:15 KJV

- “*By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God, and keep his commandments.  For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.*” - 1 John 5:2‭-‬3 KJV
Atheists are less likely to listen if you stereotype them.  
Why bother?  I understand the appeal to share your faith but I think you will find your efforts fruitless.
Keep it up :)
Im an atheist, not tryingg to cause trouble just bringing some insight. Its not that atheists hate god, its that they feel duped and lied to when they stop believing it. It feels like when you find out santa isnt real except you are still told that god exists in adulthood.
I've never met an atheist that says they hate God. Doesn't make sense to hate something you don't believe in.
Thanks for asking!

So many conversations I have with atheists include them saying things like "how can you love a God who will send people to hell for not obeying outdated laws"  or things like that.  They make tons of comments that imply that what we believe is "if you don't follow these rules, you won't be saved."

But, like I said, that is the antithesis of the Gospel (the Good News) of Jesus.  The Good News is that we are saved by belief and trust in Jesus and not by our works or obeying the law.  We don't believe that you have to "clean up your act" before coming to Jesus for salvation.  However, we believe that once Jesus saves someone, He puts within them a love for His law and begins the gradual process of sanctification in their life (making them more and more like Him).

Does that make sense?

Originally, under the Old Covenant, the People of God constituted the nation of Israel.  If you wanted to become a part of the people of God, you had to get circumcised and become a part of their actual nation/culture and start practicing their practices.  But when Jesus came, He fulfilled all the prophecies about the "coming Messiah" by establishing a New Covenant, under which physical circumcision was no longer necessary, and people from all nations could become part of the people of God via faith in Jesus.  (Faith in Jesus meaning giving Him the authority over your life instead of being your own authority).

Being the "perfect 'Christian' person" by means of following all the "rules" and trying to act just like Jesus will never get anyone into Heaven, because they're trying to gain Heaven by their own efforts.  But if salvation were attainable by our own efforts, then Jesus didn't have to die on the cross to pay the price of sin.


Sorry to be long-winded.  That's only just part of the Gospel, hahaha.

Edit: In summary: no one is saved by obeying God's law.
I honestly know exactly how you feel. I left the Catholic Church in my teens because of those feelings. Adults/Leaders in the church said one thing and did another. My questions were dismissed or ignored. What I read didn't fit with what I was taught. I concluded is was all BS, all lies.

It took listening to honest, earnest teachers, who listened patiently in return, to help break down the walls of bitterness I had. After a time, it all started to make sense, to "fit". I was in my mid 20s by then, so it took several years.

I've been a Christian for about 20 years, and I have been surprised to me a LOT. of people who had a similar transformative experience. 

It sounds a little hokey, but I've found that people will tend to disappoint us. But if we find a way to put our trust in God, if even a little, faith comes much easier.
They never say that explicitly, but the words they use express a certain familiarity and resentment.
Ive just become accustomed to learning the truth even when its uncomfortable or hard to hear. Ive found a problem with the approach most religious people have towards finding answers and truth. Most religious people like to claim that is gods work and wontsearch for truth unless it confirms what they already believe. Truth should be the goal and your hypothesis should be open to change based on the evidence.  Also, ive found that if we dont trust people at all the civilization doesnt function. 
Yeah..  The Bible says they hate God.  And strangely enough, it seems to be true.  Ask any atheist "if I were to provide you with sufficient evidence to prove the existence of God to you, would you worship Him?"  I can almost guarantee the answer will be "no."
Romans 1, man.
If they have strong negative feelings toward it then they are probably more likely upset with the influence religion has had in their life and in their society.

You're right in a way, I dont think most atheists would worship the christian god if it was proven true due to it not aligning with their moral codes more often than not. Most atheists are openminded towards evidence and would believe if shown enough evidence.
This absolutely
I'm about to explain something I'm 99% sure you never knew.   
   
**DC Talk Free At Last.**   
That album every homeschooler kid listened to and felt so *worldly* listening to? Remember the track   
"Greer"  
Here it is: [DC Talk - Greer](https://youtu.be/3H4oYKDrlEA)  
    
That song led into the next track we all know by heart..
[Jesus Is Just Alright.](https://youtu.be/NqCccV6Y31s)  
   
So, that song, **NOT originally by DC Talk**. I know, I know. Crazy.  
Some sources I found said the origin of the lyrics are old, and may have roots in in the late 1700's to early 1800's (as a slave song). I can't find much to confirm that, regardless, the song you know was originally recorded in 1969.   

Original Version:  
[The Art Reynolds Singers - Jesus Is Just Alright.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtWOaqcXplw)  
   
Then, it was re-made in 1972 by, guess who... 
The Doobie Brothers! If only our fundie parents knew at the time, how sacrilegious.
[The Doobie Brothers - Jesus Is Just Alright](https://youtu.be/JEvy8mROAj0)   
Listen to the song, can you hear it!?! This is the song that "DC Talk Sampled" on their Free At Last Record!! As kids, we didn't know what was happening with that intro "Greer" track, we just assumed it was a general statement about the dirty anti-establishment nature of the album.
  
So, now you can listen to DC Talk-Free At Last and really understand the full history and meaning of the track. Still incredibly cheesy, but that cheese is a part of your upbringing, and you love it.  
   
[DC Talk - Jesus Is Just Alright](https://youtu.be/NqCccV6Y31s)    
     
*Back in place, and I'm all up in ya'face!*

This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy.  It was created to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. 

   If you would also like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possibe (hint:use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.   

  Also, please consider using [Voat.co](https://voat.co) as an alternative to Reddit as Voat does not censor political content.
the title to this post was much more interesting than the content of the piece, which was about as anti-climactic as 'learning' that George Clooney and Julia Roberts are seeing each other. Who cares.
I've been in a relationship for 18 months with a Christian man. I am a virgin and he is not. I frequently want to kiss him passionately but he prefers to just snuggle. Sometimes I find this frustrating, and often I feel rejected. I have asked if it is to do with us not having sex - perhaps he doesn't want to get turned on when it can't lead anywhere - but he says it's more to do with being tired and just liking snuggling. He doesn't see it as rejection as he is still showing me affection. I try not to be upset, but it really does upset me that he doesn't want to kiss me as often as I want to kiss him. He says he would be willing to try to kiss me anyway and 'take one for the team' if I want, but that just makes me feel even more unwanted. I feel as though I must be very unlovable if I have to convince my boyfriend to kiss me against his will. I'm also worried that going into marriage I will have a lot of sexual frustration that has no outlet.

Does anyone have any suggestions for books I can read or things I should do? I know I should be more self controlled but knowing it and achieving it are two different things! How do you stop yourself wanting your boyfriend to find you desirable? I don't want to sin or to tempt him to sin, but I can't face the prospect of a lifetime of having to stifle my desire to express affection, since I am a very expressive and affectionate person. I'm also confused - please help!
I can definitely understand and relate to your dilemma. It sounds like you have spoken to him about this. Has he stated why he doesn't want to kiss you? 
All respect to him, "Taking one for the team" does sound a bit rejecting. However it could be him trying to push through his emotional barriers. 
On the one hand it could be a blessing that he doesn't want to go down that road until the proper time. It can be easy to get lost in those feelings, rather than focus on building the foundation of the relationship so it will last. 
I wouldn't look at it as you being unlovable. He's showing a great amount of respect to you and your body by holding back. Yes, there can be other intentions here. I'm praying that it is about respect. 
Best advice is to pray about it. If this is a red flag for you than talk with God, and talk with the guy about it. 
Open lines of communication now, means that it will help you do better when harder situations come up. 

Definitely praying for you on this. 
Hi everyone, sorry for not responding for a while. God answered my prayers in an unexpected way - I had a 15 metre fall off a cliff and was in hospital! My boyfriend has been amazing at looking after me and although I'm in quite a bit of pain I am so grateful to God for giving us a chance to have a fresh start and re-evaluate everything. It was really a miracle that I didn't die. Thank you to everyone who has prayed for me and please keep praying while I recover and while we talk about how to reorientate our relationship to keep God at the centre.
> I'm also worried that going into marriage I will have a lot of sexual frustration that has no outlet.

I think that's a very real possibility. Men generally have stronger sex drives than women. If he's resisting opportunities to get physical with you, then something is wrong.

I'm not trying to be funny or insulting, but maybe he's gay and is trying to force himself to be with a girl because that's what Christian men are expected to do. Hence, all hugs and no kisses.
How is the rest of your relationship? Does he kiss you hello and/or goodbye, or is there no kissing at all?
Question... When do you plan on getting married? This would solve this issue, haha. After 12 months of dating my then-girlfriend, we were married 9 months later. 
I can suggest a book that will clear this all up, "Dating With Pure Passion" by Rob Eagar. Great read and it will open your perspective on how dating and relationships relate to your Christian life. I highly recommend it. 
Try reading "the five love languages" by Gary D Chapman and have him read it too. It will help you guys express your effection in a way that the other person will understand 
Fornication is a sin against God. Maybe he is honoring you by NOT causing you to sin

We should not put ourselves in situations where we will be tempted.  Christians should practice courtship. The times have changed but God has NOT changed, nor will he ever. So remove yourself from any situations that give you arousal. Be wise

Sex should happen within marriage. That's what God says. So you either do what God says or what the world says is okay. Which is actually from Satan
Why would you want to kiss him if that will only cause you two to fall more into lust and have sex?  That's a sin against God.  Never place someone or yourself into any situation were you could be tempted to sin
>I know I should be more self controlled 

Look to Jesus for help with this. He can mold you if you let Him. You say you know this, which suggests me that you're bordering on letting your lust drive you to sin.

Ask Him if you are unwanted. Don't confuse what you imagine about people's thoughts with their real thoughts. This is a trick of the devil. Its a dangerous road when you start acting on what you think someone else thinks. I cannot speak for your friend, but as someone with a sexual history who Jesus found later in life, I will tell you that I have moved considerably far from *any* sexual thoughts or desires at all. Perhaps he is strongly convicted concerning these things.

If you so want to marry, tell him. Paul does indeed say it is better to marry than to burn with lust. Communicate. Go to prayer together before discussing this stuff. Again, don't let the devil get you projecting thoughts on other people. You will find that the *overwhelming* majority of the time what you think a person is maybe thinking is completely and totally wrong.
My advice is to not be Christian 
[Song of Solomon 8:4] /u/versebot
Become an atheist and tell him to go fuck himself 
Thanks. He usually says it's because he's tired. He is very respectful and I know I can trust him and he will never take advantage. I also feel a lot of shame. I feel as though good Christian girls probably shouldn't want to be physically expressive, and certainly not have higher sex drives than their boyfriends.
I think it's more likely that he just doesn't have a strong sex drive. He had girlfriends before he became a Christian.
> I'm not trying to be funny or insulting, but maybe he's gay and is trying to force himself to be with a girl because that's what Christian men are expected to do. Hence, all hugs and no kisses.

Same here, I honestly wondered that.
The rest of our relationship is great, he's my best friend and we have lots of fun together. And it's not like we never kiss. Every weekend we'll have a good passionate smooch but not on weeknights because he's tired from work, which annoys me a little because he's rarely too tired for sport!
We've talked about maybe this winter or next spring, but he says he won't propose until we're ready and issues like this prove we're not ready! But I honestly could cope if I knew this was temporary. My concern is that going into marriage our sex drives will still be disparate and the frustration will be magnified.
It's difficult for me to be objective, but I think I burn more from embarrassment at not being fancied than lust. He tells me he fancies me and that it's entirely possible to be attracted to someone without wanting to kiss them all the time but I just struggle with this. You're probably right about me being mistaken about what he's thinking.
[**Song of Songs 8:4 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Song of Songs+8&version=ESV)

>[**4**] I adjure you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that you not stir up or awaken love until it pleases. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4k1trl/im_a_christian_girl_in_need_of_advice_please/d3bm2j3} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4k1trl/im_a_christian_girl_in_need_of_advice_please/d3bm2j3} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
No where in the bible does it say we won't have urges. or sex drives. It does say don't awaken love until it so desires. I can understand and relate to the urges. I was married for 6 years, and now i'm a single christian dad. I don't believe in divorce, but just because it's happening to me doesn't make me any less of a christian follower. Just means I have a lot more to learn from the hard lessons of life. same I suspect of you. Don't think negatively about your desire to be physically expressive as you described it. Elegantly done by the way, nice work. (this is coming from an aspiring writer). Look at it that as you have more to give your husband, should you wait that long. God will forgive your urges before you were married, just like He forgives is mistakes happen. 
I would say this, I admire your strength to want to try and fight through your urges. shows a lot of character that your looking for help and advice, rather than just running with those urges. Props to you!  
But surely he can't be tired all the time? Speaking as a typical male, if my partner shows me the least bit of interest in being frisky, I can (and will) rally.

"Take one for the team" is not something you say to someone you're passionate about.
Interesting. I think if it's bothering you this much, you should definitely be proactive and discuss it openly with him, and discuss your expectations for now as well as the future. The biggest reason relationships fail is lack of communication.
Look at it that as you have more to give your husband.

But how can I know that he'll be interested once we're married? I'm so worried that it will continue to be a quick once-weekly thing leaving me feeling undesirable. He says he's as concerned about out future sex life as I am and that if we work as a team then we can sort anything, but I can't live the rest of my life knowing my husband usually has sex with me to please me and that he isn't that into it. I don't know whether to ask God to take away my sex drive? All this would go away if I would just be less bothered about kissing!
Would it have been different before you were married and sexually active though? I'm hoping that this is just his way of avoiding frustration and that after marriage he will be more interested. But when I asked if he'd be more interested in physical contact after  marriage he said he couldn't know until we're married because he can't know for certain what he'll feel like in a circumstance he hasn't experienced yet.
Am also male, can confirm it doesn't take much for wife to start my engines.
Our home church did a series on sex as it functions in our lives and marriages. My wife and I really enjoyed it, and it spoke to many others deeply about these issues and more.

It's a long series, but I feel like I should share it with you and you should try to watch it with your boyfriend, it has *so much* information that trying to summarize it all here would not be very clear or helpful.

http://www.familychurchweb.com/media/sermons/media-items/33/pure-desire

There's a link to each sermon, dates are in chronological order so you can see what's first and last. Hope it helps if you've got the time to give to it!

\*edit, by the way, "Faithful and Fulfilled" specifically deals with couples with different levels of sex drive. I *really* want to stress that you watch that one, it deals specifically with that feeling unwanted or undesired that you're struggling with, if nothing else watch that one.
This is a tricky question. Going into any relationship with the hope that he will change or you will change is rough waters. Not saying it's impossible by any means. God has the power to do great things. But it's definitely something to talk about and voice concerns about. Which from your response you are doing. That is a great step. 

PM inbound. 

1. Talk to God/Pray
2. Read the Bible and/or listen to sermon radio or podcast
3. Do a devotion or read a christian driven book
4. Listen to some kind of Christian music (lots out there)
5. Remember that we are all saved by his grace
6. Thank God for something, outloud
7. Walk out your Christianity. People see Jesus through his believers

Seriously, the comments in that thread made me sick to my stomach. It felt like I was watching a bunch of SS officers talk about how absurd it would be to give a Jew any civil rights. Like it was better to kill them off.

There was not even a thought that maybe it could be wrong to abort a baby. It was posed as completely backwards and absurd that someone would even consider preventing an abortion in any circumstance. I've never gotten physically ill reading comments before
You'll find that Reddit is very much a worldly place.  There is very little love for God, here.  Since it's mostly young people, there is an overabundance of immaturity, especially spiritual immaturity.
If you really want to get sick to your stomach, read God's abortion method in Hosea 13:16. God also has instructions for abortion starting at Numbers 5:11. You could have a word with him and point out how wrong this is and recommend a revision.

Another oddity is that Baptist and Catholic women are the most likely users of abortion according to a recent study. Since atheist women are low on the list of those that use abortion services by a substantial margin, it would seem non belief is a better deterrent to abortion than religion. You could spread the word among religious women to help reduce abortion rates.
I understand this is a christian sub so I won't try and make this a debate. I just wanted to say that I have never met anyone that is "pro-abortion". You don't have to like the idea of abortion in order to support a woman's right to have one. 
but...even a child can be taught that murder is wrong...
So you think abortion is not murder? You believe that it's not a child? 
But you first have to teach that child what murder is. The fact of the matter is that these people do not equate abortion with murder. 
Pro-abortion states that life doesn't not begin until birth/near-birth. Therefore there is nothing ethically wrong about abortion from that perspective.
By definition, murder is the unlawful taking of another person's life. Abortion is legal, and in most cases is performed WAY before viability so it does not meet the definition of murder.
This is a wonderful response that exemplifies projection and switchtracking. This pattern will trip you up terribly in interpersonal relationships.

Here is a brief explaination of projection: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_projection

Here is a brief explaination of switchtracking: http://otrops.com/notes/switchtracking/

With the understanding of these two concepts, take a moment and reread my response slowly and carefully. When you get through with the first sentence stop and compare your response to my first sentence and the concepts explained above. Do the same thing with the second sentence and so on. See if you can find where your response makes sense as a logical response to what I said in my comment and where it doesn't.

If you get this down you will have a lot fewer arguments that wander, go nowhere, become frustrating, and where people just don't get what you are saying.

If you want to take this a step further, formulate a new response that is consistent with my first comment. If you really want to go the distance, formulate your response that is a logical response to my post and then make a bridge that starts a new discussion about what you want to talk about, i.e. abortion vis a vis murder and whether or not a fetus is a child.

Whether you look into it or not, thanks for replying.

So I'm not being smart, I'm genuinely curious. Where do you think they derived at that definition? 
Please believe I mean no disrespect when I respond that it doesn't matter where it was derived from. I looked up the legal definition of murder for you; 

"the killing of a human being by a sane person, with intent, malice aforethought (prior intention to kill the particular victim or anyone who gets in the way) and with no legal excuse or authority".  

An abortion is a procedure to terminate a pregnancy. The legal definition of murder does not apply to abortion.
No it's hard to find someone to have a civilized conversation on a topic like this! Haha. 


I've never seen where somebody said that the basis for derivation doesn't matter. The point I'm trying to make is that without a basis for derivation, literally anything, no matter how crazy, can become 'legal' or declared 'right'. Imagine if the government decided (and citizens agreed) that it is legal to put down any 30 year old citizen if you choose to do so. Who's to say this is wrong if it's not considered murder? I believe the same can be said for abortion. 


Do you think it's ok to come up with a definition for murder out of the blue? 
Likewise, my last response may have been a little more hostile sounding than I intended.   

Back to the topic at hand, the point that I'm making is that we don't need to go into a detailed history/linguistics research binge trying to find the origin of the term "murder". What matters is that the definition I gave is the recognized definition used by our system of law and government, and used in trying crimes on court. That's all that matters here. 

So despite the emotional rhetoric that many anti-choice people use in these arguments, the vast majority of abortions are carried out way before a pregnancy is viable, and the women are terminating pregnancies, not hiring hitmen to kill another person. So the term "murder", specified by our legal system, cannot be used here as it doesn't properly describe the act performed.
No it wasn't hostile at all. 


I think we've arrived at a conclusion. 


Anti-choice advocates think abortion is murder by a definition that comes from the bible; that it is an abomination to take the lives of the innocent. 


Pro-choice advocates think that it is not murder by a definition that they came up with, and that's ok because a significant group of people agreed on that definition. 


It's not about the history or that we care what others think. It's that we feel that when one aborts an unborn baby, they are taking someone's life away. But if you deny that a basis for definition is needed, it's not what we believe that matters. With that kind of thinking, we can legalize anything. But apparently you think that's ok.  


Would you have the same attitude toward a law that you disagree with? Do you agree with all laws because they're legal? 
Just because the law allows it does that mean it is ethical? Law has been used before to justify horrible things. The holocaust was carried out within the law. What is a person? Society decides. In the past, society has decided that woman are not persons, children are not persons, black people are not persons, slaves are not persons, Jews are not persons, and the list goes on.  Today society has established that you become a person once you exit the womb, that may be the legal definition, but is it ethical? 
I have quite a few issues with your "summary".

First: the bible doesn't define anything. Definitions are man-made because language is man-made. And I find is hard to take it serious when you say the bible condemns taking an innocent life when the same bible turns around and says that NOBODY is innocent. (Yeah I know, context. Still the point stands)


Second: pro-choice advocates didn't just "make up" a definition of murder to suit their needs, this definition is the one our country has set into law. I'm not interested enough to research the history of the word "murder" or to find its linguistic origin, that's why I said it doesn't matter in the context of this argument because you claiming abortion is murder doesn't make it so. 

The term "murder" is used by anti-choice advocates because it invokes an emotional response. But murder is a brutal terrible act, while abortion is, in the vast majority of cases, as simple as taking some medicine after a doctor had endured the woman won't suffer ill effects from it.  

Of course I don't think everything should be legal, that's just a silly argument on your part. It's just in the case of abortion, the woman's rights trump the potential rights of a potential life. Consenting to sex is not consenting to having a child no matter what your personal beliefs may be. No woman should be forced to endure 8-9 months of physical, financial, mental and emotional stress just because you believe she should be forced to give birth.
















Citation needed on the claim that society deems you a person only after exiting the womb, especially seeing how abortions past fetal viability are illegal unless the woman's life is at risk.   

And honestly I get quite tired of people comparing abortion to the Holocaust. The people killed in the Holocaust had lives, memories, families, bonds, property, feelings, goals, aspirations, etc. The majority of abortions are performed way before the embryo even has the capability to think. It's not the same. Preventing a pregnancy from continuing is not the same as killing a person.
I'm not comparing abortion to the holocaust. I'm comparing what society has allowed to happen based on a legal definition. You keep talking about what illegal/legal, I'm talking about what's ethical, the law is not always ethical, don't assume that just because we live in a modern society that our laws are ethical. In the [Canadian bill of Rights](http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/c-12.3/FullText.html) Part 1 1a it says that an individual has the right to life. 

>The court did not consider the question of whether the unborn were included in the “everyone” who have the right to life. The court was to hear Manitoba MLA Joe Borowski, but the case was rendered moot by the decision in Morgentaler, which struck down the provisions that were to be challenged. In two further cases, Tremblay v. Daigle (**which found a fetus has no legal status in Canada as a person**) and (R. v. Sullivan [1991] 1 SCR 489), relied on the born alive rule, inherited from English common law, to determine that the fetus was not a person; and Sullivan could not be charged with murder of a fetus; and Daigle could not seek standing in court as the guardian of a fetus.
[source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_Canada)

Canada has no limitations on abortion, from what I've read it appears that an unborn child has no rights until it is born.

If we go to a country where abortion is illegal, would you say that it is still ethical? you keep talking about legality, i want you to think about ethics. I know that in Canada abortions are legal, but they are not ethical because you are killing someone. Fetus are living, from conception, they have human genes that are unique to them. 
First I apologize as I've been arguing similar posts to this one here on reddit as well as a few other sites so I think some of my answers may be mixing between posts.  

On the ethics issue, I have a few issues with abortion, but I have a bigger issue with people who want government to force a woman to carry a pregnancy to term when she doesn't want to.   

And I don't consider an abortion to be killing someone. Until a fetus is viable, it hasn't even developed the necessary faculties to allow it to think or feel anything. The majority of abortions are performed WAY before viability. 

All this rhetoric about "killing" and "murder" is just to get an emotional reaction in my opinion. To try and project the image of a child in its mother's arms being violently dispatched, when in reality most abortions nowadays are as simple as taking a few pills which a doctor's supervision.
It's incredibly wrong how people decide that a woman's choice is more important than doing the right thing. 

Do you think it is right for a government to force people not to steal, even if they want to? It blows my mind that people think so little of human life. Here we will always argue but to me it it seems like you are putting a gun to someone's head and saying "I want to do it, its my right to make this choice" and when you look at it like that the notion of abortion being legal is just ridiculous. Just because abortion nowadays is clean doesn't make it any better. You can kill a born person in a clean fashion as well. You will never admit that abortion is murder and as long as you don't do that you can always justify it. I won't be able to change your mind. 
See to me it's absurd that your position seems to be that a woman should be legally FORCED to carry a pregnancy to term, accruing all financial costs, potential job loss, physical stress, plus all the potential health risks involved with pregnancy, just because you don't think she should be allowed to terminate the pregnancy early on. It's worrying that your position seems to be that no woman should be allowed to have sex unless she is willing to give birth.   

Government has laws against stealing because it actually harms someone. Abortions are performed way before an embryo or fetus has the ability to think or feel anything. 
What about theft that doesn't hurt anyone? a billionaire won't hurt if he loses $100, is it still wrong? If a woman doesn't want to get pregnant then she shouldn't get pregnant, that's obvious and besides the point. But yes i think that saving a life trumps the financial costs, job loss, and all the other risks. The question of weather a society has to subsidize another person's poor decisions is a different argument.
The amount doesn't matter. It was the millionaires property, not the theif's. 

Society is already "subsidizing poor decisions" with welfare to families that were not prepared properly to raise children and didn't/weren't allowed to get an abortion. And adoption isn't the perfect alternative either. But out of curiosity, how do you think society is subsidizing abortion? Just in case, I'll preemptively remind you about the Hyde Amendment.
This is a place where Born Again Believers of the Gospel of Jesus Christ can speak, study, and teach the Word of God as was mandated by the Lord Jesus Christ.

Mark 16:15-16) **And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.**

Our own opinions and ideas are not studied or discussed in /r/ChristianCoffeeTime, but rather specifically what the Bible itself says about them. Our own thoughts and opinions are set aside to see what the Scriptures says, and that whatever the Bible says is true first.

Acts 17:11) **These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.**

All who love the Lord and want to study His Word are welcome to [CCT](http://i.imgur.com/RLH0HgW.png)
What is the stand of pentecostal Christians on the use of drugs to treat mental illness, especially if it is long term/life long. 

I'm asking because, I'm conflicted because I feel it would go against my religion but, on the other hand it is growing into a necessity. 
Yes, by all means, follow your doctor's advice and take your prescriptions.
Revelation 14:

This chapter is an outline or summary of the next four chapters. What is presented here is covered in more detail in later chapters. The Lord also gives us a brief look at the results of the previous two chapters of Satan’s activity.

>1 Then I looked, and behold, a Lamb standing on Mount Zion, and with Him one hundred and forty-four thousand, having His Father's name written on their foreheads.

They are standing on Mount Zion in God’s Kingdom (heaven), not on three dimensional earth.

This 144,000 are the ones sealed from the twelve tribes of Israel in chapter 7. Like the two witnesses they finished their testimony, fully accomplished their task, were martyred, and not one was lost to the mark of the beast.

>2 And I heard a voice from heaven, like the voice of many waters, and like the voice of loud thunder. And I heard the sound of harpists playing their harps.

This is meant to encourage the saints. Satan can do what he will to your earthly body, but hold fast to your belief in Christ Jesus and your spirit will live with God forever in glory.

>3 They sang as it were a new song before the throne, before the four living creatures, and the elders; and no one could learn that song except the hundred and forty-four thousand who were redeemed from the earth.

This verse tells us the 144,000 are not on earth, but “redeemed from the earth” and are in God’s Kingdom before His throne. They are probably all martyred for their testimony and for not accepting the mark of the beast.

>4-5 These are the ones who were not defiled with women, for they are virgins. These are the ones who follow the Lamb wherever He goes. These were redeemed from among men, being firstfruits to God and to the Lamb. And in their mouth was found no deceit, for they are without fault before the throne of God. 

The 144,000 are the beginning of a great harvest; they are the first fruits of the nation of Israel.

>6 Then I saw another angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach to those who dwell on the earth—to every nation, tribe, tongue, and people—

I hear many people say: “Christ will not return and the end will not come until the Gospel is preached to all the people in the world.” This angel is going to take care of that obstacle.

>7 saying with a loud voice, "Fear God and give glory to Him, for the hour of His judgment has come; and worship Him who made heaven and earth, the sea and springs of water."

This angel preaches the gospel and announces judgment. God’s judgment will allow many to be saved during the great Tribulation.

>8 And another angel followed, saying, "Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she has made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication."

Babylon the great (Satan’s city) represents Satan’s political and religious world systems and will be covered in great detail in chapters 17 and 18.

>9 Then a third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, "If anyone worships the beast and his image, and receives his mark on his forehead or on his hand,

No one will accidentally get the mark; you must be willing to worship and swear allegiance to the “image of the beast” to get the mark.

>10 "he himself shall also drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out full strength into the cup of His indignation. He shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb.

This makes it perfectly clear that there will be no redemption for those who get the mark. **Why**, what does the mark do that makes you unredeemable? See my commentary for chapter 13: 16-17 for what I believe is the answer.

This is the cup that Jesus wanted to avoid if it were possible; Jesus willingly took the cup of the Father’s indignation that was meant for us. 

>11 "And the smoke of their torment ascends forever and ever; and they have no rest day or night, who worship the beast and his image, and whoever receives the mark of his name."

This makes it quite clear that if you take the mark you will suffer God’s wrath (no exceptions). 

>12 Here is the patience of the saints; here are those who keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus.

God’s word of encouragement to believers in the great Tribulation and throughout the church age; be patient in your faith and you will be rewarded.

>13 Then I heard a voice from heaven saying to me, "Write: 'Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord from now on.' ”“Yes," says the Spirit, "that they may rest from their labors, and their works follow them."

God wants His people to be steadfast in times of trial, focused on the blessed rest and rewards that await them in eternity.

>14:  Then I looked, and behold, a white cloud, and on the cloud sat One like the Son of Man, having on His head a golden crown, and in His hand a sharp sickle.

This is Christ our Lord and He is coming to snatch away His bride.

>15: And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to Him who sat on the cloud, "Thrust in Your sickle and reap, for the time has come for You to reap, for the harvest of the earth is ripe."

This reaping is the “Rapture,” God’s harvest of believers, the removal of Christ’s Church. “the harvest of the earth is ripe” meaning the full number of the Gentiles has come in. 

>16: So He who sat on the cloud thrust in His sickle on the earth, and the earth was reaped.

Christ Jesus will take His bride home before God pours out His wrath upon the earth dwellers during the great Tribulation. Please notice that Christ reaps His bride (Rapture), but it is the angels who reap the wicked before the start of Christ’s reign.

>17: Then another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle.

This is after the great Tribulation at Christ’s second coming; this angel is going to reap the sinful and rebellious off the earth in preparation for Christ’s millennial kingdom.

>18: And another angel came out from the altar, who had power over fire, and he cried with a loud cry to him who had the sharp sickle, saying, "Thrust in your sharp sickle and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth, for her grapes are fully ripe."

The Spirit had John give special notice that this angel has power over fire. The believers are raptured, then God pours His wrath out on earth (Great Tribulation), then the wicked are reaped by this angel, and the believers left on earth will repopulate it during the millennial Kingdom. 

>19: So the angel thrust his sickle into the earth and gathered the vine of the earth, and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of God.

Our Lord Christ Jesus explains this in Matt.13:38-43:

>The field is the world, the good seeds are the sons of the kingdom, but the tares are the sons of the wicked one. The enemy who sowed them is the devil, **the harvest is the end of the age**, and the reapers are the angels. Therefore as the tares are gathered and burned in the fire, so it will be at the end of this age. The Son of Man will send out His angels, and they will gather out of His kingdom all things that offend, and those who practice lawlessness, and will cast them into the furnace of fire. There will be wailing and gnashing of teeth. "Then the righteous will shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. He who has ears to hear, let him hear!


This is the removal of the wicked before the start of Christ’s millennial Kingdom.

>20: And the winepress was trampled outside the city, and blood came out of the winepress, up to the horses' bridles, for one thousand six hundred furlongs.

The son of perdition gathers a literal 200 million strong army of men, fallen angels, nephilim, and demons including the armies of all the nations of the world, with the help of the three unclean spirits in Rev.16:13. They camp at Megiddo with the intention of destroying the remnant of Israel who are at Bozrah protected there by Michael the Archangel.

Christ our Lord returns to Bozrah (Isa.63:1-6) and trends the great winepress of the wrath of God for 1600 furlongs which is the distance from Bozrah to Megiddo. This is what we call the battle of Armageddon.

Many people believe Armageddon is a battle between different nations of the world, it is not. The battle of Armageddon is when Satan and the son of perdition gather all the nations against the remnant of Israel in the mountains of Jordan. Christ our Lord returns to save the remnant of Israel destroying the minions of Satan and the armies of the world. 


I did not expect to agree with the list, but I do ... mostly.  I am somewhat uncertain about #2, because some people's church is not really local, and the problem with #1 is that many people's religious views change over their lifetime.  #3, 4, and 5, on the other hand, are great.
Hello all,

My name is Amy and I'm 19 from the uk. Where I live there aren't many Christians my age so it can prove difficult to find people to discuss faith with which is something I'd really love to do :)
Can be a Skype, fb, Twitter or whatsapp chat. I don't mind :)
Inbox me if you're interested!
God bless!
Amy
Hey Amy, unfortunately this subreddit isn't very populated.  The most popular subreddit for christians here is /r/Christianity however, it has a lot of anti-christian arguements and debates going on all the time.  Be careful of trolls if you decided to post over there. 
You should move to Northern Ireland. Loads of Christians there! :) 
Hey amy, from the u.s. here. Pm me anytime and maybe we can set something up
Where in the uk do you live?
Is that where you're from?
Sounds good! Tell me about yourself?:)
3 counties :)
I grew up there. I don't live there now. 
19 years old, male named wyatt clark. I'm from north dakota. Been a Christian all my life and have a very involved family.
Where are you now?:)
Aw that's lovely! I'm glad God has blessed you!
Tell me about yourself? 
I was wondering what makes you all believe. When i ask a Christian normally they reply with "i have faith". Is that faith built on anything at all? Also, how do you know your religion is correct instead of any other religion. For example, if I was looking for a religion, what would there be to persuade me that christianity is more correct than say, Judaism? Not criticizing your beliefs at all just genuinely curious about those questions. Thanks in advance for any replies.
I used to ask these exact questions as a lost teenager attempting to make people question their beliefs. Im not sure I have ever forgiven myself for doing that to others who might have been on the right path, but were not strong enough or knowledgable enough to not doubt their own beliefs. I am 33 now and have only very recently come to follow Christ with a passion and faith that I've never felt before, and I feel more alive inside everyday knowing that this world is only the beginning of an eternity with God.
From a factual basis, the Bible is a composition of 66 books, written by 40 authors on three different continents. It was written over the course of 2,000 years, and all major accounts these authors and books agree on doctrine and prophecy. Unlike the book of Mormon and Karan which are written by one author over one lifetime and contain a myriad of inconsistencies and blatant contradictions. 

So, there is that. 
In short, faith is the evidence of things unseen. 

I have faith for a variety of reasons.  One, I know that I have sinned and done wrong. I know that I can never truly redeem those wrongs without going back into history and making them "unhappen". I would be aware of my wrongs and guilt without religious education. I can feel it.
2. Christ offers redemption through supernatural means. He became man, put his god hood aside, and became a prefect replacement for the required sacrifice. Usually this sacrifice would come from us in the form of eternal damnation.
My belief is fully resting on "the Jesus story". I believe this guy was real and the gospel (his story) is accurate. IFF I believe this guy was real, I can't help but believe in the Bible and it's teachings. I don't like the Bible and it's teachings, but I follow it as truth.

Bible based Christianity is also consistent. In my research, poly-theism and Mormonism (for example) are inconsistent. It's a longer answer, but there are inconsistencies in their structure that invalidate them.

Note:
I can 100% understand why people wouldn't want to follow Bible based government laws if they don't believe the Jesus story (homosexuality and abortion, for example). I think USA has it as right as possible, with a liberty based law system. (USA isn't perfect, but it's pretty darn good. Nobody's forced into religion or killed for their belief by the govt.).

Final note:
**The most difficult part of Christianity is living with broken people, including (ESPECIALLY) Christians.** Yes, Christians find excuses to break Bible laws (divorce?). As a Christian, I believe we're all broken people BUT I also believe Jesus loved us all and took that burden at the cross (for believers). I can see how a non-believer would take offense to being called broken. For Christians, it's a relief, a gift.
I'm not an expert but I sometimes teach a class on this at churches in my area.  Linking to some of my slides: I think that [fine tuning of physics](http://notascientist.d512.com/lessons/christianity-science-history-2/week2-fine-tuning/) and [design in biology](http://notascientist.d512.com/lessons/christianity-science-history-2/week5-design-in-biology/) are compelling evidence that God exists and has been involved with life on earth.  I think the Jesus' [miracles and resurrection](http://notascientist.d512.com/lessons/christianity-science-history-2/week7-the-resurrection/) are well attested historically, far beyond any miracles in other religions traditions.  As atheist-turned-deist (but not Christian) Anthonly Flew said, "The evidence for the resurrection is better than for claimed miracles in any other religion. It’s outstandingly different in quality and quantity."

I do however think that faith is a terrible way to discover what is true :P
If you want a great thought provoking answer you should watch the documentary a case for Christ.  It has a lot of answers for that question that helped me.
500 people saw the risen Christ. If Christ wasn't ressurrected, why did so many people of both pagan and Jewish background become martyrs when it was so easy to verify whether or not Christ was seen alive?
For me, and I think for all people, you find God and gain your faith when you are at your lowest. For me it is when my girlfriend broke up with me. I was so distressed at the time, I decided to read the Bible. Actually read it. And something happened inside of me, the Bible made sense, it spoke to me. It gave me hope and realize how powerful and real God is.
Hi. I used to wonder too, but have had so many experiences now it's just unreal. For instance I died once. Went "to the other side" and was in the place where ...we don't have it here so words don't adequately explain it...but it was like water...tangible ...flowing...but it was peace. Then as my body lay there, I was prayed for by my husband and best friend and was sucked back into my body. So I'm lucky...had first hand experience. But...go to you tube, bc these are the times of "signs and wonders ". If you just have ten minutes watch " Todd white- reading their mail" . Todd does a lot of "street healing". That's his main ministry. There are lots of miracles caught on tape. My friend just left for his home back in Wisconsin but he was telling me he went and saw Bruce can Natta speak. His good friend, Tina, had had lifelong problems bc one leg was two inches shorter than the other. Bruce laid hands on her and she could feel it grow...it's equal now and her problems are gone. If you can watch the you tube called Bruce can nattas testimony. It's fascinating.."and real. Ian mc cormack original testimony is also fascinating. This one is ten minutes http://christophersmiraclestory.blogspot.com/2012/11/newa-visible-testimony-after-miracle.html
For me it was dank memes. I stumbled upon the rarest Pepe one day, and knew that it was  a miracle. Also my house burned down, which was a blessing in disguise, as I had Comcast. God was on my side.
I am a fairly strong Christian, but I cannot bring myself to read the bible regularly and I've never felt the feeling that you and others describe I suppose it's because I've never had a really low point, my church is good and there is very little conflict in my life, I suppose this is a blessing and a curse :( it's weird wanting something bad to happen so I am drawn closer to God!
Ha! I am having such a hard time reading the Bible for about 6 months now! Just because you have that feeling doesn't mean you will have this all powerful need to be good and do God's will. In fact, you do lose that feeling sometimes, I am struggling with that this moment right now. But I know I can gain it, it just have to make some personal time with the Lord.
I've found a welcoming community but is acceptance of LGBT people accepted in the wider Christian community? The reason I ask is that even though there are LGBT churches, I have also seen people criticize my identity by saying "Well, I'm a Christian so I am against that" but how can this be the case if there are gay Christians. 
For God so loved YOU that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Nobody can say otherwise.
Oh pfft. Some of the responses on here are terrible. 

We're saved by grace, not by what we do or don't do. Being LGBT isn't going to "send you to hell", rejecting God & Jesus will. I'm not going to pass judgement on you because of who you are, I'm also not going to say "it's ok, ignore this passage or that because it's inconvenient".

I do plenty of stuff that this person or that would condemn me for, because I'm not perfect. I need forgiveness.

Sure you can be a Christian (a follower of Christ). All you need to do is accept the sacrifice Jesus made on the cross and make him Lord of your life. Read the bible lots, pray lots, and be ready for what the bible says to challenge how you live your life in every way, beyond your gender/ sexual identity. No matter who you are the standard set in the bible is something we all strive for. I'm straight cis-male and it's really challenging for me too. 

Don't stress about people's opinion on theology too much. Base your views of right and wrong on what the bible actually says.
I just thought that there were churches that welcomed gay and transgender people. I've heard of christian friendly queer churches and visited one, I just thought that I would see more of them on the Reddit Christian forum. I guess its not for me after all. 
OP look into the episcopal church. We welcome all with open arms. 
All sorts of sexual immorality are seen as sin. This includes homosexuality, lust, adultery, etc. Struggling with sin does not preclude anyone from being a Christian. However, if your primary identity comes from sexual desire rather than following Christ, it would be hard to argue for the case of a gay Christian. However, if you would deny yourself in order to follow God, then it may be better to say you are a Christian first... who struggles with gender identity secondarily.  
  
I hope that makes sense.
This will never be an easy topic for you. Frankly, I don't think it should be.

Ok, so you're transgender right? I as a Christian am called by Christ to show you love. Period. That's a hard thing for me sometimes.

Ok, so you're transgender right? That is seriously not my business in any practical way. You don't have to tell me, 99% of situations where your gender would matter as how they pertain to me or my family. These situations can be decided upon based on your character and you're abilities.

Ok, you're transgender right? You're not responsible to me. You're responsible to God. You will have to square with Christ's will for your life and your own. So will I. Many times I chose to selfish, lustful, and/or prideful. These aren't in God's plan for me. This isn't about my conviction, its about yours
Put your focus on God and surrender your life to Jesus Christ. That's what being a Christian is about. Trust in Christ for your salvation and turn everything over to Him. Make Him the Lord of your life.


Which do you care more about, finding a community that accepts you or finding eternal life? Don't hang on to all your worldly concerns about this life. Relinquish it all to Jesus. Make Him the boss, not you.


Dead to self, alive to Christ.


Can you be a Christian? You can become one. It takes it putting your trust in Christ and surrendering to Him. Do that and you absolutely can and will become a Christian.
I think you are in a tough place and my heart goes out to you. I had one of my mentors come out to me a couple of years back and it really brought this issue to the front of my mind, and I go back and forth in it almost daily.  I think that on some level our daily struggle against the flesh is what makes us practicing Christians, but the acknowledgment that we will always fail to do so makes us Christian.  In truth homosexuality is a sin the same as speeding if you are late to work, but nobody makes being a "speeder" an identity. In conclusion, I think that if you struggling to live life in the footsteps of Christ then I would be honored to call you my brother(sister) in Christ, and I believe that gods love and his plan for your life go way beyond what clothes you wear and who you are attracted to.  It's a tough issue and I will continue to pray for wisdom on the topic. Maybe I'll let you know if I figure it out. 
Yes. What others think, even as Christians has NO bearing on your relationship with Christ. Hear that? What anyone says even a Christian does not matter. It it your relationship with Christ that matters. Only God can see your heart.
Does your blood indicate you are a man or a woman? Then let your God-given blood be the guide for your identity.
If crossdressers are condemned by deuteronomy then we are all condemned for wearing clothing of mixed fibres Deut 22.11. Or eating prawns Lev 11.22. you can't pick and choose which laws apply.
There is no such thing as a homosexual follower of Jesus of Nazareth. Only the world and apostate Christians claim such things, not true followers.

“Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men”
‭‭1 Corinthians‬ ‭6:9‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/1co.6.9.niv


All cards on the table: being a Christian means willing to give up everything you hold dear, and putting your entire identity in Christ.  All kinds of people can become Christian, gay and trans people absolutely can be Christian, but they do so willing to give up their identity as a gay or trans person.

What complicates this is there are some churches and denominations that don't believe this, and wouldn't say that you need to be willing to submit your gender or sexual identity to Jesus.  Most people on this subreddit, including me, feel quite strongly that that's dangerous and false, and that may come across in harsher words to you than is necessary, for which I apologise.  You aren't those guys, and its a shame some people here haven't recognised that.

But yeah, Christianity is the believe that Jesus Christ is lord, and so becoming a Christian means recognising that Lordship in your life.  That's a process that Christians spend their whole life going through, you're not expected to suddenly become perfect as soon as you become a Christian.

Either way you are very welcome to visit churches as a non-Christian trans person.  Christians won't expect non-Christians to behave like Christians.  That said some Christians are sucky people no matter what so I can't guarantee all churches will be welcoming.

So tl;dr yes trans people can and do become Christian.  Becoming a Christian means being willing to give up your trans identity, and it will eventually mean you giving it up.  Christians won't expect you to immediately change if you become one.  If you don't become a Christian you are very welcome at churches anyway, though some people still suck.
[deleted]
Im not a Christian (yet) but I don't think so unless you are attracted to women or don't have sex with guys because you're still a man no matter what your mental illness tells you 
I can already see you're going to get a lot of contradictory and confusing answers here, and you may struggle to find acceptance in the wider community. Here is my own personal response. 

Some Christians will say yes, God loves you and accepts you the way you are and certainly has enough patience for you to figure out what being a trans Christian means in your own time. I agree with those.

We have an earthly identity and we are also given a new identity as children of God. Because of that new identity, nothing can separate us from God's love. 

All of us come across challenges in our walk with God, and no matter what you believe there will always be someone out there who disagrees or would go so far as to call you a heretic. Ultimately the only important thing is knowing God's love in your life and having that deep, secure relationship. He loves us whether we are right or wrong and can more than compensate for our mistakes.

Some people believe that God has one fixed will for our lives, but in fact, we are not robots. He gives us desires and dreams and a will of our own, and most importantly, he gives us choices. And I don't just mean a 'right' choice and a 'wrong' choice, but many choices, none of which are necessarily better or worse than another. 

He loves to co-partner with us in life and works for our good in everything, as we follow his direction and share our hearts and desires with him.

Certainly only you and God know what it's like to be in your shoes. So I would encourage you to pursue God and discover all that he has for you. 

'Taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is the one who takes refuge in him.' Psalm 34:8


God didn't send Him so that anyone who believes He existed will have eternal life.  Satan believes Christ exists and is lost.  You actually have to believe what Christ said and follow Him.  His was a life of self-denial.  We actually have to deny our sinful inclinations and not give into them just because it's easy and in today's society acceptable. You can't live a life a sin and then sneak into Heaven with "I believe".  The Bible is quite clear that one is not to dress as one of another gender. Deuteronomy 22:5

Jesus said you have to take up your cross and follow Him
AMEN!
Well said.
/r/Christianity has more liberal Christians, but again I'd caution you that I don't believe you are searching for the right thing.  The truly Christian view of gender and sexuality is far greater and more liberating, even though it may not seem that way to you now!
That's absolutely ridiculous. Gender identity has nothing to do with sexuality. They are two compeltely separate things. Being gay or lesbian or bisexual is who you are attracted to. Gender identity is who you are. So your beginning "all sorts of sexual immoralities are seen as sin" is irrelevant to a transexual person. It also follows that the point about a gay christian vs a christian gay is irrelevant.

OP - who cares what other people think. I personally think christianity is vodoo for white people but thats me. If there is something in you that yearns for spirituality and christianity to you has something appealing about it then go for it. Read the bible, decide what the stories mean to you, and look for a church that is progressive. Don't look for answers to your struggle from other christians, especially ones on the internet. They can't tell you what Christianity means for you - they can only tell you what it means for them.
Being gay is not a sin like speeding. You are born gay. You choose to speed. But regardless, transexuality has nothing at all to do with homosexuality. I don't understand why so many people are responding giving their views of gay sex/identity. OP asked if a trans woman can be a christian. Transgender is a gender identity. Gay is a sexual identity - they are not the same.
Well so much for trying
That's true. I'm bisexual but my identity is not my sexuality, it's who I am in Christ becoming more like Him.
ugh this is so condescending
She doesn't have a f***ing mental illness. Transexuality is not a mental illness
I didn't mention this because I didn't think it mattered but I am primarily attracted to women and I am engaged to one now. 
"Rejecting God & Jesus will."

"We're saved by grace, not by" work.

"Don't stress about people's **opinion** on theology too much. Base your views of right and wrong on what the bible actually says."


Very well said.


Saying this as someone fighting the strong nearly-secret urge every morning to transition since seven. Also saying this as a ~~home~~houseowner and taxpayer to different countries; so as you can see, this have been going on for quite some time, personally really do get what you you mean, instead of just trying to empathise.

Don't worry about what some jeers at you for, if you can. If you are the minority for any reason, they will get you for that too. Those vocal ones will do it in any preceived "weakness" they can anyway, even when they have similar weakness themselves. Just always remember Mark 12:29~31. 

On that last day, "but he/she/they/Church said or did" is not going to be a defence/defense. All will be judged fairly and individually. Also personally believes Luke 6:42 & John 8:7 applies, and John 8:11 is the state to aspire to.

In terms of sexuality, Matt 5:28 is the follower's ideal. Wonders how many falls short of this. Hint: just look at fornication, adultery, divorce rate. Can honestly say this is kept personally, unless you count fictional people.

It can be a very long, difficult, and for some, very lonely road. Just always remember Matt 7:13.

Stay safe out there, in more ways than one.

Orientation & Preference:F

P.S. Not saying you should regress. If that is the case, then how do more than half of the modern Church attendees return back to "purity" only in marrage? or in a lot of other things? Keep Christ first.
I'm sorry my stance appears ridiculous to you. Yet, we are both allowed to air our thoughts and hopefully, deal graciously with each other disagreements or not.  
  
I do not pretend to understand the finer points of gender identity and sexual desire. But I will contend that gender identity and sexuality are linked. Broken and twisted like many parts of of us, yes. But decoupled? I must disagree.  
  
Christ must come first. He challenges us on multiple fronts: pride, ambition, dreams, desires, finances, career/work, romance or lack thereof, etc. He doesn't call himself the way, the truth, and the life for nothing. If He's the Son of God, he should have full authority over our lives. If not, He is a liar or a lunatic, undeserving of our attention.
Yes we are all born as sinners. Some of us may be predisposed to being gay, being thieves, being liars, being cheats, being murders, being adulterers and so on. These are all sins and if you are born that way you need to decide what is more important your sin or Jesus Christ. I suffer from sin everyday, but I try to do better, and sometime I do. 
You can be born to have sexual desires for people of the same sex, this, in my opinion, is not sin, but to act on those desires would be considered sinful by the writings of the old and new testament.  

As for your other comment about the resopnses of homosexuality, I know that I modified my answer on the topic after realizing how heavy my heart felt after reading other answers to the question.  It makes me sad that someone would have to ask if they are allowed to follow Christ with us, as if were some kind of secret club.  The truth is, as Christians, we should be trying to keep our own head above water instead of making sure that were just drowning less than our neighbors.  

Im sorry, Im probably not making much sense, its a tough topic for me.
[deleted]
"Trying" is half your problem I imagine. There is NOTHING you can "do" or "try" to accomplish, there is only faith in Jesus. He already "DID" everything for you.  
What if I, a 22 year old male who works in construction told you that I'm a 65 year old Russian sailor?
Of course it is you fucking idiot
If you seriously believe hes a woman you need help 
Well as long as you stay with women I don't see what would be wrong with it
I am not a Christian but I don't think it says anything against feminine guys anything serious anyway 
I think the bigger problem would be your wife and children if you plan on having any
I'm sorry that people are responding the way they are OP. Telling you that you have a mental illness, asking all kinds of invasive questions about who you sleep with when they have nothing to do with your gender identity or the question that you asked in your original post.

Honstly, I think these attitudes speak for the flaws of Christianity. The atheist community would be much more likely to welcome you with open arms. If you are really interested in incorporating spiritality into your life though, I think you would have more luck with either Wiccanism or Hinduism. Both religions have a much more tolerant attitude towards transgender individuals. You may also want to explore Buddhism/Daoism Although the latter two do have individuals who interpret the writings as fairly conservative, they are a small minority (Whereas in Christianity they are clearly the majority)

As a closing statement: Don't let other people bring you down. I hate the idea of original sin in Christianity so much. You have done nothing wrong by being transgender. It is a unique challenge that you are dealing with but I promise it will give you strength and maturity and a unique perspective on life. You are a beautiful person and you should be proud of your growth.
So, all scientific studies point to sexual desires being learned, not born with. There's literally no evidence that supports being born gay, or with any sexual preferences whatsoever.

The fact that this person thinks they were born gay is simply due to their clinging to an idea they heard that fit in their desired worldview. Nothing more.
LOL. Well as a gay man, let me tell you that I didn't choose to be gay.  Why would I choose to be something that made many people dislike me, that makes it harder to find love? That makes absolutely no sense. If you still aren't satisfied, you try to be gay. Just for ten seconds try to be gay. Can't do it can you. lol

Anyway, the point of the post was that transgender is not the same as gay at all.
I don't understand your position. Seemingly, your first comment contradicts your second?
I know you're trying to help, but one should chose a worldview based on what the evidence supports--not what feels right.  If I did the latter I would believe North Korea doesn't exist because I don't like it, and I would be a Mormon so I could be a god of my own planet when I die.  But pretending things doesn't make them real.
Actually. If you think about it from God's standards, they're exactly the same.

God's standards are this: You were created as male or female. Accept the way God created you. If you have sexual desires, marry. Marry the opposite gender.

Both being gay and being transgender violate these standards. They are the same in that: they violate God's standards.

*And that's literally all that matters when it comes to the topic.*

But on that same note, so does stealing a candybar, killing, raping, thinking lustfully outside of marriage, lying, etc.

That's why we have Christ, and His forgiveness. There's a call to righteousness, a call to live free from sin, a call to love God (which He says is obeying His commands), and a call to love each other (real, biblical love, not the word you hear thrown about now-a-days.)

So really it comes down to this, are you trying to obey God? Are you living in His forgiveness? Or in sin? Because that determines a lot. Though no one can pass judgement except for God, that does not grant everyone a "get-out-of-hell free card" it just means that it's only our place to call out sin when we see it, not tell someone they're going to go to hell for it.

Being LGBT (and unrepentant of it) is absolutely sinful, unquestionably so. I can't say to anyone "you're going to hell for this," but I can certainly say "that's a path that, without the forgiveness of Christ, will lead to hell."
I've always wondered about this.  How exactly did Jesus 'absorb' everyone's sin?  If Jesus is fully God, doesn't this act contradict the edict that God cannot be in the presence of sin? Also, once he went to hell, how exactly did he 'conquer' death, and what happened to all of the sin that he had taken upon himself after he rose from the dead?
Ok, the act of a sacrifice being used as atonement for sin started all the way back in Genesis, with the advent of original sin. A lamb was the traditional sacrifice to help atone for sins committed over the year. Some families couldn't afford a lamb, so they instead sacrifice birds and smaller animals. But the sacrifice was never enough to cover all of our sin. It was an annual ceremony in the temple and considered imperfect. You didn't stay forgiven. Christ was the ultimate sacrifice, one truly blameless individual given up as a sacrifice to atone for all our sins, not just last year's or the last generation's.

Jesus became a man and was still fully God. He was privy to the full extent of God's power and knowledge, but decided to live the limited life of a human being. As such, he was able to walk with humans (who are sinful, very much in defiance of the "can't be in the presence of sin" rule). As a human he took on the burden of the full weight of all of humanity's sins by being a sacrifice, God made mortal, allowing harm to be done to his physical body. This was the ultimate sacrifice because He was blameless, and because He did so willingly.

He conquered death by the Resurrection. He rose from the ground in defiance of death, and in do doing shed the sin had He died for. Satan was not involved here. It was death, the unlife that all must inherit. Through no outside assistance he rose from this unlife  This conquering it.

The sin was forgiven by the one who died for it, Jesus Christ. The blame and the required sacrifice were no longer needed. 

The sin stayed in Hell.

It was the sacrificial blood.

Sin is atoned through death. This used to be done by animals, the shedding of innocent blood. But even animals are not perfect sacrifices.

Jesus is the perfect sacrifice. A sacrifice that can atone for *all* sins.

Jesus was God incarnate. Yes, He is God. But He was God in man's flesh, living as a man, without any divine influence.

A minor correction, it is sin that cannot be in God's presence. So by that notion, doesn't it make sense to put that sin where it would effectively fizzle and vanish?
Great questions, I don't have great answers.  I think these are some issues that we won't fully understand in this life.  These are supernatural events, so it's hard/impossible to draw fitting analogies. 

>How exactly did Jesus 'absorb' everyone's sin? 
I don't know.  I know God made the rules on sin and punishment. We had an old system where we sacrificially killed animals to cover our sins. God decided a better was to send his Son as a sacrifice once and for all.  Kind of like, if every time we sinned we were fined a nickel, so we would kill a nickel animal to pay the fine.  God just said, "Enough of this" and threw one hundred billion dollars in the pot.  

I really don't think there was any physical/magical transfer of sin. The animal sacrifices were ceremonial.  If I do something stupid (which I often do) and it hurts my wife, I sometimes go get here a "I'm sorry" card with flowers.  She doesn't forgive me because of the card, she forgives me because I'm sincerely sorry. 

>If Jesus is fully God, doesn't this act contradict the edict that God cannot be in the presence of sin?

I don't know if "God cannot be in the presence of sin" is a true statement.  One day God will judge all sinners, so he will be present. and of course God is Omni-present, so anywhere there is sin, he is present.  

>Also, once he went to hell, how exactly did he 'conquer' death, and what happened to all of the sin that he had taken upon himself after he rose from the dead?

I know there is debate from Christian scholars on whether Jesus "went" to hell to "Conquer" death in those three days.  All I know is that when Jesus Conquered death, it means we no longer have to fear Death. Because we have salvation. 

Faith union with Christ.
1) I think you have to ask yourself the question, what is justice?  Plato suggested and questioned many things in his Republic, but I would say God is ultimately loving and good.  He give us the law and that is the ultimate in justice.
2) Therefore, it is through is law that he can forgive us.  I think there is multiple laws at play.  One is sacrificial love.  But another is the jubilee and shmita.  Basically ones inheritance was suppose to go back to the original owners and debts are to be forgiven.  Our inheritance, to walk with God, was lost by Adam and Eve, which is why we are "born" into sin.  We have a debt of sin.  But that debt will be forgiven and our inheritance restored.
To me, I think there is a cultural values gap between us and the people who lived thousands of years ago. It doesn't make much sense for me that someone could take a punishment in you place. Criminal law isn't like a credit card debt where someone can offer to cover it for you. We wouldn't see it as just if a millionaire could pay some poor person to serve time for a murder he committed. 

But for people of that time, it did make sense. So we have to look at it in a different way. The death of Jesus is a model, it was an act of love that he was willing to take all that, God so loved the world that he was willing to give up his only son and when Jesus came back, it was an illustration that there is more to the world that material reality, that there is a higher reality that can conquer the crude limits of matter. 
I posted this in another thread today but it seems relevant here as well. It's a look at how Christ dying for others is the only way God could forgive sin and still maintain His perfect justice.


Personally, I equate sin to rejection of God. By taking on sin, Christ was receiving the just punishment of God forsaking Him.


"It may be that the Deity can forgive sins, but I do not see how." - Socrates, to Plato, 500 B.C.


Socrates struggled with the concept of God being able to forgive sins. Why? Justice. For God to be truly holy and perfect, His justice would have to be holy and perfect. Just letting people off the hook for their sins is imperfect justice.


1. Sin is rejecting God's authority and "Godhood".


2. As punishment, that would justly require His removal of all of His blessings he's bestowed on you.


3. Everything you have is a blessing from God. Therefore, if just punishment of sin requires revocation of all your blessings, then you have nothing left to pay with.


4. Therefore, you are stuck in a dire predicament: you have sinned against God, His justice requires that your sins are paid for, you have no way to pay for them; therefore, He cannot forgive you without violating His own justice.



How does Christianity fare in this test?


1. As the sinless and holy Son of God, Christ owed no debt for sin but died willingly on the cross to justly pay for sins.


2. He had no sins of His own, so justice required that God repay Him.


3. Christ chooses to have that payment applied to others' debts, in order to pay for their sins.


4. Therefore, Christ's death can justly pay for others' sins.


5. For God's justice to be perfect, it must also treat Christ's suffering justly.


6. Christ's suffering is justly repaid because people glorify, praise, and worship Him for willingly doing it for them.


7. Some people do not put their faith in Christ and refuse to glorify, honor, and praise Him for what they have done.


8. It would be unfair to Christ to save those who reject Him and what He did...because He and what He did is the only thing that could save them.


9. Those who reject Christ and what He did are not saved.
Hello, I have a question. I am struggling in my faith. Not in the sense that I question the divinity of Christ or the existence of God. But I worry: what if I miss something. The Bible says, believe this and you'll be saved, follow Him, live right. But despite my belief and my trying, what if I miss something? What if there's some part of the bible that I haven't followed correctly, or didn't interpret as it was intended to be understood? I feel so odd as I type this out. I just don't understand how far God's grace covers me. He says to believe, but then one part says even the demons believe. It says faith isn't about works or anything you can do to save yourself. It's Jesus who saves. But can I lose my salvation if I don't follow everything the way I'm supposed to? I've been in church my whole life and I should have an understanding of this. I guess my problem is following Jesus without being legalistic. I'm just worried that when I die, I'll be one of the people he tells, "Depart from me" and that He never knew me. Does anyone else feel this way?
Do you belong to a church right now? Is there a pastor or priest that you could share these thoughts with? I totally understand where you are coming from, and personally it really helps me to be able to sit down and have a one on one conversation with someone older and wiser about these things. Saying a prayer for you right now! May the Lord grant you peace. <3
This question I have struggled with as well. I was baptized at age 43. I believed in God but honestly was clueless. I went down a road of research and ended up finding my salvation. To me it was a wonderful punch in the face to put it dramatically. I saw the world differently. I acted differently. I treated people more kindly and I now always feel the need to know Christ more and more everyday. But this road was long. I kept asking for wisdom, guidance and it was granted, but when the Lord deemed I was ready. To be saved/reborn to me is an amazing feeling. The only true fulfillment is in Christ. So my advice is to read your bible, research what you don't know, and pray, pray, pray. If your heart is open then it will be filled. 
[deleted]
Thank you, and yes, I know I am approaching it from a "law" perspective. It's a daily struggle for me to break out of that mindset because I KNOW it is wrong. I don't want to feel that way. Those are good suggestions, I will try those.

no
How did he get married if nobody but his mom and dad were on earth with him? 

And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden. And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
Genesis 4: 16-17

I was just wondering :P


[Genesis 5:3-5]

Adam & Eve had other kids, per the genealogy in Genesis 5. And even if that wasn't listed explicitly, nowhere in Genesis 1-4 does it say they *didn't* have any other kids; it simply mentions the births of Cain & Abel in order to lead into a story about them.
It doesn't say that Adam and Eve were the *only* people he made. Just the *first* 
Copied from Wikipedia. 

> ... in the Old Testament, in particular in the Judaic, Midrash Rabba, and Islamic versions, wherein Cain and Abel are not the only offspring of Adam and Eve, but born as twins with one sister each. In that regard, Abel and Cain were the first two sons, each of whom was born with a twin sister, and Adam decided that, to avoid incest, Abel would marry Cain's sister and Cain would marry Abel's sister. 


[**Genesis 5:3-5 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%205&version=ESV)
>[**3**] When Adam had lived 130 years, he fathered a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth. [**4**] The days of Adam after he fathered Seth were 800 years; and he had other sons and daughters. [**5**] Thus all the days that Adam lived were 930 years, and he died. 


***
[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/matthieugrieger/versebot) ^| [^/r/VerseBot](http://www.reddit.com/r/versebot) ^| [^Contact ^Dev](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=mgrieger) ^| [^FAQ](https://github.com/matthieugrieger/versebot/blob/master/docs/VerseBot%20Info.md#faq) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/matthieugrieger/versebot/blob/master/docs/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Statistics](http://matthieugrieger.com/versebot/) 

 ^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://www.biblegateway.com) ^and [^TaggedTanakh](http://www.taggedtanakh.org) 


True it doesn't, but if that were the case then how could original sin be passed to all men and not simply Adam's descendants?



Just curious here, but it seems to me that there are a lot of people going to church each week (or every now and then) who talk a good game about their faith, but are nowhere to be seen when it comes to serving inside or outside the church. I don't want to start a thread of people complaining or bad mouthing their Christian brothers and sisters,  but I want to know if there is anyone else feeling this way. What can we do about it? How can we ignite those around us to impact the Kingdom? Are you one of these people who can give some insight as to why you attend, but don't serve? Thanks
You are not alone. 

Men have become passive. Western culture has made Christianity another service to be consumed, rather than consumed by. Americans idolize the American Dream. Churches are more easily measured by their attendance than by their ability to make disciples.  Many people are afraid to lead.  Most have become entangled with their personal busy-ness.  And consequently, we look to the church to serve our needs, as they arise, rather than remember that we are each individually and collectively the body of Christ, not to be contained by buildings or divided by denominations. 

Reading suggestions:
Why Men Hate Going to Church;
Radical (Platt);
Not a Fan (Idleman)
I think for a lot of people, it's probably hard to know how to start.  Really helping somebody?  That's hundreds of hours of work.  Unless you've got a magic income stream, you've gotta work, or you'll be in trouble too.

Good structure and organization can be a solution.  If you can just sign up for an existing project, you know what you're getting into.  Does your church have some programs that work this way?  If not, check out other churches nearby and if they've got a good idea, see if your church can join that project.  Or if you want to do something different, look for organizational ideas.  Make it easy for people to get started - give people a chance to sign up for a service project that takes just an hour a week.  Get 'em hooked on doing good stuff, and they'll come back for more.
No, nobody really is.  Because they'll instead go to a church that's like-minded and where they can both contribute and receive instead of weltering in futility (or perhaps raise the bar on their own church.)


Usually though it's just the worst of both worlds -- someone who won't pray, won't obey the scriptures, but wants to belong to a church that conveys the fruits of such labor to them instead.
'We are not sent to minister to a congregation and be content if we keep things going. We are sent to make war...and to stop short of nothing but the subjugation of the world to the sway of the Lord Jesus' 

That was William Booth. I must be honest in my opinion that I am disgusted by the judgment and the persecution of church goers/ members on this thread. I do not judge you but rather your words and actions by posting this to begin with. It only opens the door for dissatisfaction and the enemy. I love you all in the name of Christ our Lord and Savior but I cannot deal the words here to be of love or accountability. 
I do hear what you are saying. I can see that would be frustrating.

I wonder if some of this may be a misunderstanding of the callings of God?

Most of the people in the pews are called of God to do just what they are doing every day.

God has called them to be nurses, teachers, business people, firemen, auto repair workers, lawyers, parents, social workers and on and on.

Some people are called to work within the religious system, but to me, the vast majority are not.

I think professional Christians often think that to do God's work it has to be within the church.

People serve God all week, and then they come to church and gather to be blessed and recharge their batteries so they have the strength to go out there and do it all again.

There a many gifts and callings. 
Not all are within religion.

We all need each other. 



>Really helping somebody?  That's hundreds of hours of work.

In some cases, but not many. Maybe not even most. 

>Make it easy for people to get started - give people a chance to sign up for a service project that takes just an hour a week.  Get 'em hooked on doing good stuff, and they'll come back for more.

This hits a nerve with me. I'm tired of mamsy pansy church projects.  Paint a house. Do a soup kitchen. Maybe show up one hour, once a month to help set up chairs. Fill a sandbag, get a T-shirt and make sure a picture is taken for the church Facebook page. 

Bull. 

Jesus didn't "make it easy for people to get started." Jesus didn't have a sexy sales pitch or a pathetic level of expectations. Follow me and they will hate you. They will persecute you. It will suck. Maybe until you die. 

The US Marine Corps does a good job of delivering this message, and as a result, no one takes membership lightly. They recruit ready, able-bodied young men and women who are ready to go forth and do great things, no matter the risk. Meanwhile, the church asks little, expects the least, and does a good job of finding those who only join for the benefits.  Weekend warriors.

Did Jesus ask his men to follow Him as it was convenient around their work schedules?  No.  Instead, he warned them, because following Christ might seem reckless.  Maybe even irresponsible. 
We have programs that are ongoing thar are clearly communicated and deployed and are part of the vision of the church. During membership classes, we explain our vision, mission strategy, and core beliefs and ask that those who choose to covenant sign their commitment to the local body and the activities planned and approved by our staff and elders, but, although the signatures are present, the programs are easy, and the congregations seems excited, they don't show up, they complain that we "do too much" or don't do what "they are called to", but when pressed, they don't know what they are called to. I'm on staff at a church so, changing bodies isn't something I want to do, I want our people to be engaged and active. I want them to impact the community and grow the Kingdom, but that won't happen if they stay home and do nothing. Sorry to vent so publically, my heart just breaks for the lack of obedience and sacrifice. If you aren't willing to sacrifice your time for the gospel, are you really committed to it... again, sorry for the rant. 
Good point, but moving from church to church until you find one that preaches only what you want to hear (Jesus rarely preached only easy stuff) or does exactly what want isn't healthy. 

Maybe I am the only one who is frustrated and if so, that's great! I hope that there are churches filled with people who are living only to build the Kingdom and desire accountability to grow. I pray that that is the case and that the ones I have witnessed will change in that way, in real ways.
I'm a bit confused by your response, to be honest. Are you upset that I asked if people were frustrated with the mediocre attitude of people in the church. If we are called to bring war and bring Christ to a broken world, is it not justified to be disheartened by those who would rather further their agenda and comfort than the agenda and call of Christ? Pointing out areas of needed growth or brokenness in churches is not wrong, Paul did it, Peter did it, William Booth did it with the words you quoted. 

If you do not hate your mother and father you cannot follow Christ, HE said that. If you are unwilling to release everything that is yours-your time, your comfort, your everything, you are just like the rich young ruler- you have lost your first love. 

How is pointing this out or asking if others have noticed this wrong, especially when it was prefaced with asking that respondents not bash or belittle others?  I'm sorry if you found offense in critical statements or asking others to stop being lazy in their faith. Our call, the call of Christ, is to bring life where death presides and that doesn't happen without sacrifice
Oh, please.  How much better you are than us heathens. 

Love is not without challenge, and a willingness to call BS when you see it. 
You quoted the wrong guy.

I think he was pretty disgusted with organized religion and so stepped up to help in a real world way.

His work is still a success.  :)  Put your money in those kettles!  
Most efficient organization ever....

Look at it from a more simplistic view. Maybe instead of being disheartened you should ask the Father how to be an encouraging voice. How can you be the battle horn for all of you congregation. 
I also send my apologies. I am in the middle of a family issue. Praters would be appreciated. As I will pray for you. I do not mean to come across as a negative person but rather an encouraging word and a brother in Christ. 
As stated in my previous post, I am fairly new to the christian lifestyle.  
I am wondering how christians go about dating?
It seems like the vast majority of relationships nowadays a brought together and based on sex, but now being abstinent, I honestly don't know how to date!
Dating as a Christian is (and I know I may sound weird for saying this) like dating in the old black and white films. Be respectful of whomever you are dating and their parents or guardians, and take them to respectful places. Essentially, it's pushing out the worldliness that we see in relationships today — hooking-up with that hot girl you happened to exchange glances at that one time, or that guy with that terrible personality but nice body. No, as a Christian, you must first learn to respect yourself and your own body before you consider dating anyone else. Your body is a Temple (and you'll hear that quite a bit), but you must respect yourself and The Holy Spirit within you.

***On staying abstinent:***

I understand the challenge. Growing up in the world today with the trashy music, promiscuous teens and young adults, and violent movies and TV shows doesn't help anyone — especially when depictions of relationships are often of a violent, sexual, chauvinist nature. My first way to combat this was to *weigh it and pray it* (ask God what I should take out of my life that was holding me back from Him and living the right lifestyle). Second was the old saying "garbage in, garbage out"; what you watch or listen to can affect what you yourself may say or do. When you get in to the right mindset and read what The Word says, you begin to see with clarity and seek the right person. Here is what Apostle Paul wrote about this matter:

**1 Corinthians 6:12-20 (ERV)**

^12 "I am allowed to do anything," you say. My answer to this is that not all things are good. Even if it is true that "I am allowed to do anything," I will not let anything control me like a slave. ^13 Someone else says, "Food is for the stomach, and the stomach for food." Yes, and God will destroy them both. But the body is not for sexual sin. The body is for the Lord, and the Lord is for the body. ^14 And God will raise our bodies from death with the same power he used to raise the Lord Jesus. ^15 Surely you know that your bodies are parts of Christ himself. So I must never take what is part of Christ and join it to a prostitute! ^16 The Scriptures say, "The two people will become one." So you should know that anyone who is joined with a prostitute becomes one with her in body. ^17 But anyone who is joined with the Lord is one with him in spirit.

^18 So run away from sexual sin. It involves the body in a way that no other sin does. So if you commit sexual sin, you are sinning against your own body. ^19 You should know that your body is a temple for the Holy Spirit that you received from God and that lives in you. You don’t own yourselves. ^20 God paid a very high price to make you his. So honor God with your body."
#purity

Ephesians 5:3 NLT
[3] Let there be no sexual immorality, impurity, or greed among you. Such sins have no place among God's people.


1 Timothy 5:2 NLT
[2] Treat older women as you would your mother, and treat younger women with all purity as you would your own sisters.
a big difference with dating as a christian is that its a way of finding a marriage partner rather than an end in itself
Honestly, I might have somewhat of a dissenting opinion here, but I don't think dating needs to be anything that drastically different. I've been in a dating relationship with the most wonderful girl in the entire world for about 4 and a half months now and the biggest thing I have noticed that helps us is honesty.

Be honest to whoever you date. It makes a world of a difference. Also, dating is not an end in itself, its a means to an end. I started dating my GF because I was drawn to her and we had a connection, our relationship has been one of growth ever since then. Dating was never a novelty, it was a journey that we shared together. And It remains the best adventure I've ever been on.

Lastly, this may seem like odd advice, but don't rely on the bible for dating advice. Why? Because dating advice is not in the bible, nor did people date in biblical times. Instead, focus on what's important about dating, especially passages about loving your neighbor. I focus on these and it always refocuses me to do the things that are best for my girlfriend and, in a roundabout manner, me.
First of all congrats on giving your life over to God. Best decision you'll ever make. As for your dating question, I have this friend Jean-Luc and he has been dating his girlfriend Hannah for almost 2 months now. I recommend you do what they did and let God tell you who your soul mate is and confirm it by praying with your significant other. They are truly the happiest couple I've ever seen. Why? Because they both submit to God. Nobody in the relationship can be an Alpha or else it doesn't work, God needs to be the Alpha (and the Omega haha). If you and your significant other submit to God in the relationship I promise you it will last. God bless :)
Might I suggest [I Kissed Dating Goodbye](http://www.amazon.com/Kissed-Dating-Goodbye-Joshua-Harris/dp/1590521358/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1385944027&sr=8-1&keywords=i+kissed+dating+goodbye)? Great book on what dating *should* be, and that is an attempt to find the person you want to spend your life with. He goes into how to approach it and many of the pitfalls people fall into.
Thank you for sharing.  This is a good, tangible, reminder, so I will save this and reference it again.

The problem I have is that I'm in my mid-30s.  I've had girlfriends but never married and no children.  I desire for as long as I can remember to meet the right woman and have children.  I use to say that I want a marriage that mimics my parents' marriage as they have a great marriage, but now I know that more importantly marriage is a reflection of Christ and His bride.  I am a Christian and like a lot of Christians I go to church regularly, Bible Study regularly, and I also backslide regularly.  I study the Word, I study sermons on marriage, and I pray about meeting my "missing rib."  With all that being said - where or how does someone meet a Christian girl?  It's so frustrating and I try not to focus too hard on it but it is inevitable - my parents ask me about when I'm getting married and so do my friends.  Most of my friends are married and have children, and to make it worse a lot of them are in troubled marriages, and/or getting divorced, and have children out of wedlock.  I'm not criticizing them as they are great people and will be great at raising their kids, but I struggle because I feel like I have a deep desire for those things and here they are not appreciating their gifts.  I tried online dating to no avail (maybe I need to try again and change my attitude about it) and I've gone out with a few girls from church who really tested my Christianity!  I have other things I'm trying to sort out in my life, but I feel like my prayers are falling on dear ears.  In Corinthians, Paul makes some remarks about how being single helps keep you focused on Christ even more, but I feel like I'm living a catch-22 - it does keep me focused but also keeps me frustrated.

Thanks, again, for what you wrote.  I know it wasn't addressed to me but I greatly appreciate the message and I'm certain others do as well.
Thanks for this, it's very helpful!
While I agree with your quotation from scripture being very appropriate to the topic at hand, I think it is important to remember that we are sexual creatures. We are of this creation and God made us to do creaturely things. If we treat sex as something too "worldly" we are putting ourselves above God's creation instead of doing as we are created to do and immersing ourselves in it.

I do think sex can be sinful, our society is proof enough of that. However, I also think sex is beautiful and wonderful and simply a part of being human. Sex is good. Sex marginalizing your neighbor is bad. I think that's where the line should be drawn. It comes back to openness and honesty.
Thanks!  All of these are a great help!
I'll take a look for it!  I remember hearing about that book when I was younger.
nooo many people have been seriously hurt by the advice in that book. they are unrealistic...i would stay away from it!
I've been dealing with masturbation for a while now, and i cant seem to stop doing. I'm a 16 y/o teen, i'd like advice on how I should proceed in order to stop.  
Hey man! This is a struggle I have dealt with for 10 years and I'm no expert yet but I urge you to come over and join /r/christiannofap. We are a Christian sub dedicated to sexual purity and God's ideals for sex and marriage. We are a group that is growing together and would love to have you join us. Also /r/nofap is a good place to go for some great resources as well.
Learn what the Bible says about your body and your mind.  See if you can find "Created for the Glory of God" by Allen Hood...
I'd say it means that you are a healthy 16 year old boy. :)

Don't beat yourself up too much. You are biologically programmed to do this.
/r/NoFap definitely! I'm 16 as well, and I'm now 42 days clean today! It will change your life (:
r/nofap is a great place to help with stuff like that. There are a lot of people that aren't Christians that are doing it, so its not really a 'Christian' reddit, but if you're looking for support its a great place to go.
Man, I've struggled with the same thing. Friend me! I'd love to offer you some support. Also, /r/NoFap is a great place to find other people struggling with the same thing. Just remember that you are not the only one going through this. Thousands of Christian guys struggle with this!
Hey! Thanks for the reply, I feel incredibly happy you  answered ! Ill check the sub reddits! :-)
Oh good, thanks for mentioning that place.  NoFap is an annoying place because it's full of weirdos who are trying to 'quit' either to have better sex or just because they want to do something difficult :-\ 
I agree that sexuality is a huge part of a 16 year old boy's life but sexual impurity isn't something you should encourage. I started masturbating and looking at porn when I was 10 and it has cause great pain ever since. This is an issue that needs to be dealt with and can't just be chalked up to "boys will be boys."

Jesus would also disagree with that complacent attitude as evidenced in Matthew 5:28. 
Maybe masturbation is healthy (personally, I don't believe in it and I quit) at that age, but lust is a major sin. Masturbating doesn't help those urges either, porn or no porn.
A lot of people on that 'program' are a little strange, they report really wild withdrawal symptoms (???) but I do want to say that it's surprisingly easy and even normal to live without that defilement.
Actually just this week I took a charge to start up /r/christiannofap and make that a safe place for Christians to go and face this struggle with each. I would love for you to come by and join the group!
Hey thanks man! This is has been a real struggled for me, hopefully I will get through this.
There's nothing wrong with masturbation.  If you want to do it you should.
Just so you know. Due to some mod issues we've moved the community to /r/nofapchristians. I hope to see you there! 

Nofap can be a strange place but it has some good people too... Hopefully this sub will meet your needs a little better. 
what kind of "great pain"? 

And Jesus may disagree with a complacent attitude, but is there any reaosn to believe he doesn't agree with masturbation?
/r/ChristianNoFap is an alternative you may want to consider. Withdrawals are true, quitting porn, masturbation, and orgasm (PMO) will starve your brain of dopamine, and can make urges and strange temptations. You can learn about the science more there. But when it's all said and done, you become more responsible, more confident, and testosterone boosts by 150% by 3 months. Not to mention, all desires for porn have left me and I look at women as people now, and instead of craving sex I crave the actual relationship. I also feel like I have made my relationship with God a lot more healthy. I highly recommend it.
Dude!!! That is fantastic! 

Also Idk if I friended you or not, kinda new to reddit.
How about the fact that my view of woman has become greatly skewed that I have a hard time viewing them as anything but sex objects. That can kill a lot of friendships. How about dealing with family members who find out about this issue and feel like you're sexualizing them? (Whether they should or shouldn't feel this way isn't up for debate, they're human.) What about viewing younger and younger woman as sexual until it becomes unnatural or immoral? What about feelings of inadequacy because of this issue? What about being so addicted that the only thing you can think about is going home and getting on the computer to look at porn? What about spending crazy amounts of time, jeopardizing priorities, losing sleep so you can look at porn? What about alienating a loving relationship because you put pornographic standards on the woman of the relationship? What about physically hurting a woman in attempt to mimic what is seen?

I feel like it's pretty easy to see the destructive behavior that comes with masturbation and pornography.

Is masturbation in and of itself wrong? Probably not. Can it be used safely and for productive means? I suppose. But you're standing on a slippery slope that I couldn't handle that at those young ages and most young men can't. 

Also I'll reiterate with Matthew 5:28 - lusting if even in your mind is adultery.

What about Ephesians 5:3 "But among you there must not be even a **hint** of sexual immorality, or of any kind of impurity, or of greed, because these are improper for God's holy people."

So if you can completely divorce masturbation from your sexual desires then you might have a case but I am willing to best most young men cannot do this. 

Make sure you move over to /r/nofapchristians! This is the new community. Hope to see you there!
I am really glad you think so. It is still very new but I think it has the ability to be a great place for Christians who struggle with this.
Also concerns that your family think you are sexualizing them, purely from watching porn or masturbating, are incredibly unhealthy and not at all typical as you seem to explain.
Seems to me like most of the problems you describe come specifically from porn and not from masturbation, this talk of objectifying women and become attracted to gradually darker things.

I think that God clearly designed masturbation to be normal and healthy, given that there are genuine health problems for those who abstain, including ED later in life (which makes it problematic in having a properly consumate relationship with your life).



/r/ChristianNoFap already exists....
For sure. Its been bugging me every time a Christian on their posts their story or their advice for what works for them (which is turning to God with it), and then non-believers get all up in arms about it. 
1. Stigmas are normal things for people to feel. So while not all people may feel that way it's not uncommon. Look at how many people talk about incest on Reddit (e.g. /r/incest). What about the huge sector of porn devoted to incest. It is something many people feel. So it wouldn't be beyond the realm of believable.
2. People aren't always rational. They may logically know something but still have an uneasy feeling around you. Why risk that?
I'm not disagreeing that it can be good and helpful. It all boils down to whether you are masturbating for selfish reasons, or not.

But I hold it in the same regard as alcohol. Alcohol can be fine for many people but it may be a huge stumbling block for some people, so to just come out and say it's fine for anybody is probably an unwise thing to do.
Yeah, but there are some mod issues there. We've made a post [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/christiannofap/comments/1rk0o1/pseudomod_post_congratulations_guys_lets_keep/) if you want more info about the issue. So we're moving to /r/NoFapChristians where there are active mods and it is endorsed by Alexanderr who is the creator of the original /r/nofap
Yeah me too...
Stigmas are not something to base the way you live your life on, particularly if it's a relatively small, uninformed bible-belt stigma.

I say risk it because not masturbating ever is bad in a variety of ways, not least of which being in a decrease in sexual function when you need to rise to the occasion.
Oh, well alright. Glad to see you guys taking action.
Is there such a thing? I know I've grown up playing atari 2600 to nintendo and sega etc... to current generation ps3 and Pc. Now being 30 years old and married with kids it seems like there's not enough time to play. Is there a good balance?  How do fellow Christians deal with this? I feel like it's just a distraction, but enjoy playing. Anyone else feel the same?
I think my husband deals with this. It's hard to find time.. I don't think anything Is wrong with playing .. just put your family and God first. A lot of guys ignore their kids and family and sit in front of the tv playing games all day. Don't be that guy.
I go though with this every day, somedays I just want to relax and play a game then I realize I have three wonderful girls that want my attention too. Guess who I choose?
I've played video games ever since I could hold a controller. I just got married 4 months ago and I can't play as much as I used to but I find time. While my wife is making dinner or while she's sleeping ( she works third shift). I just try not to play when we have time to spend together. 
FWIW I don't have kids of my own, but I do use gaming time as a way to bond with my grandson and nieces/nephews. It's not the only thing we do together, but it's a nice commonality we have.   
[Here!](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978722135) †
It's tough, between work and relationship, I find maybe 3 hours a week tops.... maybe. And when I do it's limited because my girl doesn't like to see or hear sports games so I'm usually playing something I'm not that into at the time. Ha but yet I guess I could be spending my time being more productive. 
I know what you mean. I used to be HEAVY into RPGs. When you grow up it is harder to find the time, and harder to justify the use of the time for gaming.

But then... isn't it better than watching 'the game'? At least with video games it's something where you interact.
Yeah I've come to realize this, that's exactly what I'm working on now. I've figured out my Happiness is not a video game, it's my family and God. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I can seem to go a day without crippling anxiety over something. It's almost like a security blanket. I feel as if I'm happy, something horrible is right around the corner. Does anyone else feel this way? 
Praying For You!
I am sorry that you deal with anxiety as often as you do.  I have struggled with it my whole life.  I found some powerful graffiti in my favorite coffee shop, which has since become my mantra.  I offer it to you to mull over.
  
         "Presence Dethrones Anxiety"
  
When a situation gets to be too crazy, I suggest that you allow yourself to take a break from the worry.  Step away from it by grounding yourself in the moment.  The anxiety will be there when you get back, but you will be refocused and have a better perspective.
  
Experience your reality, and call your racing mind home.  As you take stock of your surroundings, employ all of your senses in the effort.  Pretend that you are trying to remember this moment for the rest of your life.
  
For example, I can hear the commuter train ringing from the window.  My desk feels smooth and cold under my hands.  Someone close to me is having delicious smelling curry for lunch.  Sunlight is streaming in from the open door and onto swirling dust. 
  
This "reality check" can help pull you out of your head and into the present.  You can then realize that the anxiety isn't all around you, it is just in your head.  It is ok to close the door on it and give yourself a break.  Allowing yourself to be present in the moment can help you reframe the problem, and refocus your energy towards ameliorating the underlying cause of the anxiety.

[deleted]
If its crippling, then you should see a dr about medication. Continue to pray, meditate on scripture, but also see a professional.
Anxiety yes, but I keep religion at a healthy distance.

May I suggest talking to your doctor? There are plenty of medications and therapy available.
My best advice: try exposure therapy, take 10-30 minutes a day to saturate your exposure to your fear, talk about it, think about it, write about it, imagine it, joke about it, view pictures of it, embrace it, etc.. recite a sarcastic script of your fear and repeat it when needed, eventually the anxiety will subside, and you'll become immune to the fear, might take days or months, different for everyone - but you'll feel better. Also very important is sleep, exercise, and eating right - this all effects your brain. And talk to a Doctor. God bless, I'll pray for you.
Start exploring why you feel anxiety.  A therapist will be able to help along with techniques with dealing with it when an attack happens. For now...  Breath,  go somewhere quiet and breath and think. 
Prayers will not do anything to help you. Neither will listening to scripture or any other nonsense... you need medication.

It sounds like you may have a form of anxiety depression, please go and see your doctor.
Thank you. I've really gotten out of my groove. I think I will start meditating and starting my day off with a scripture :) thanks! 

6th worst thing that makes me unreasonably upset:  using "your" when you mean "you're".  You did it like a bazillion times in that post.  Otherwise, nice job!
Hey, nice post. I love the detail, the use of scripture, and the funny images... I'll have to make it a point to look around more later. I have a few comments and thoughts though...

> Drums or other modern rock instruments in the church worship

I agree that sometimes this is a personal preference issue, and if so get over it, but there are three ways I can think of it could be a theological issue: 

* if it violates your conscience (e.g. if you felt like it really wasn't ok, then to you it would be sin)
* if it causes your brother to stumble--if *he* felt like it really wasn't ok, but went along with it because he admired you. Both are discussed some in Rom 14.
* many "primitivist" groups feel that the best way to approach God as a New Testament church is to do what the New Testament said in commands and examples, including singing but not including other instruments.

And I've known many African churches that don't play drums, just a capella singing. It's mind-blowing to hear even a familiar hymn sung in Zulu.


> Clothes in church

Wholeheartedly, hand-shakingly agreed. James 2 is another relevant passage.


> Anything in the church getting moving or changing

The group I'm primarily with is pretty cool about this, but then we've moved meeting places 3 times in 10 years so those who aren't cool with change ... aren't there.


> Theology

I think it's perfectly reasonable to be upset over theology. I'd expect a mature Christian to have mature perspectives and to be bothered by teachings that went against those perspectives. If "Sound Doctrine" matters at all, then even if you disagree on what that means you should accept the fact that some will consider it a matter to defend with passion. 

I have however met the type of person you describe who jumps from church to church and has a conflict with the leadership over some detailed nuance that he "understands differently". For the most part we should handle such situations with love, but a lot of times pickiness over theology is evidence of a Diotrophes syndrome.


> Other people in the church

Careful there, cowboy. It looks like you just made a list of problems you have with things other people in the church, citing numerous specific examples. Now you're criticizing those shameful miscreants who ... have problems with other people?

But I agree, it is something we should guard carefully against.
Ironically .... I did it 6 times. Thanks for the heads up. That gets me every time!
The last point was really more about people who get upset unreasonably about silly things that other people do. Everyone is going to have an issue with someone at some point. In fact that someone probably will be me eventually. My interest was not to make a list of complaints but a list that people would recognize as true and have a good laugh.

You may have not read much of the site but it contains a heavy amount of satire. Unless its a serious post...which i do at times. But mostly i just try to get a laugh. I'm actually looking for other writers to submit content as well. Perhaps a serious writer who wants to to theological or historical topics. 

Thanks for reading friend and I'll take your comments into consideration. I'm always looking to improve. 

I have had my times in life where i was atheist. I saw the light. Now I feel like i shouldn't live anymore. I have asked god to make me feel like I'm worth something. I asked him to show me his existence. and frankly nothing has happened. I feel like he isn't real. Is this bad? 
You're just depressed. The feeling passes, though it can last a year or two if you don't help it along. 

You need to talk to someone about it. Find some things that cheer you up.

Of course, ask God for guidance along the way. 
My first thought here is that I'm a bit concerned you may be somewhat isolated from real-world Christian relationships that you need. Reddit is a great community in a lot of ways, but the advice here can be really hit-or-miss.

If you don't have a pastor you can discuss this honestly with, if you don't have some mature Christian friends you can sit down with and say "this is the truth right now about where I currently AM today" then you are far more vulnerable.

If you have friends from church you can talk to, please do that. If you feel that the only Christians you know would be harsh or unkind in response, then you need to find some more (and frankly more mature and loving) Christians who will help you move closer to God starting where you are, not judge you for not being in the place that they wish you were.

You need real world fellowship. Are you involved in a local church? 
No man your fine dude try not too worry I'll pray for you man.
Don't forget there is an enemy. God does not make junk, but the accuser will lie to you. I struggled with this feeling for years and it didn't get better at first. Rebuke the Devil  (outloud because it cant read your mind, only god can). Then pray. You are already forgiven by him. I think sometimes it is hardest to forgive ourselves. Remember that the enemy will attack you more when you try to get close to god. It has no need to spend time on the lost. 

Lastly god shows himself to those that believe. You cannot say show me and I will believe. God says Believe and I will show you. 
I'm with CalvaryHollywood. Find a group to talk about it with, or just to be with. For one thing, being in a group of fellow christians will help your faith.  Additionally, just by belonging to a group studies show a dramatic decrease in a risk for depression, even among those already suffering from it.   Basically, I think you should find a group of Christians that are accepting and willing to grow as people, because they can't help you grow unless they're willing to grow themselves
Don't fear the unknown, revel in the gift of life. Follow your conscience, ask questions and seek truth. Live life as you see fit, not as others see it for you.
 3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ, 4 just as He chose us in Him before the foundation of the world, that we would be holy and blameless before Him. In love 5 He predestined us to adoption as sons through Jesus Christ to Himself, according to the kind intention of His will, 6 to the praise of the glory of His grace, which He freely bestowed on us in the Beloved. 7 In Him we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of His grace 8 which He lavished on us. In all wisdom and insight 9 He made known to us the mystery of His will, according to His kind intention which He purposed in Him 10 with a view to an administration suitable to the fullness of the times, that is, the summing up of all things in Christ, things in the heavens and things on the earth. In Him 11 also we have obtained an inheritance, having been predestined according to His purpose who works all things after the counsel of His will, 12 to the end that we who were the first to hope in Christ would be to the praise of His glory. 13 In Him, you also, after listening to the message of truth, the gospel of your salvation—having also believed, you were sealed in Him with the Holy Spirit of promise, 14 who is given as a pledge of our inheritance, with a view to the redemption of God’s own possession, to the praise of His glory. Ephesians 1:3-14 Continue the rest of the book for encouragement. Really take into account what he is saying. Try to figure out what each word means in the grand scope of things. Use the NASB translation because the words used and the language expressed, when studied, gives you a new light on your value.
First of all, you ARE worth something.  Seeing the 'light', as you put it, is only the beginning.  It's like finding the right door.  But once you find it, you have to enter it.  Once you enter it, then go where it takes you.

It's not uncommon for Believers to wonder if God is really listening, and if He's even there.  He doesn't show us what we want on our time, and as human beings we grow impatient, stomp our feet like toddlers, and get upset.  This isn't bad, this is human.  God knows we are human.  :-)  We have to try to be patient, and realize a few things: God works on His own time.  Sometimes we never see the answer we are looking for, and oftentimes He doesn't answer the way we like.  That's not because we are unimportant or He doesn't care, it's because He can see the whole entire picture, past present and future, where we can't.  So He knows what's best for us.  We have to have faith in that.

A church, as the others have said, is a good place to start.  Not because it's a Church.  But because you can be with, talk with, spend time with (fellowship), and simply associate with others of the same mindset as you.  Other Believers, who can relate to you and what you are feeling, and even may know ways of how to get through it.

Read your Bible.  To some this may sound lame, but it is true.  As a Believer, God will show you things through His word that apply to you.  You may hear a minister or preacher teach on scripture, but you need to read it for yourself.  Discern for yourself, the scriptures, and apply them to your life.

Lastly, I have to ask why you feel like you arent worth anything?  Yes, we are all sinners, and yes we are only saved by the Grace of God through Jesus Christ.  But you are already special in that you are a child of God.  It may well be that you are depressed as H4ppy mentioned.  If this feeling of worthlessness goes on for more than a few weeks, your physical body may be missing something which can cause depression.  See your doctor and tell him/her about your physical and emotional feelings.  Many things can cause depression, but can be easily diagnosed and treated.  

Regardless of that, read your Bible, associate and be around those who believe in God, speak with a trusted family member, pastor, or friend.  But by all means, don't restrict it to this forum or keep it inside.  :-)

Hope that helps!
Remember that God loves you infinitely. And someone else out there loves you for what you truly are.

Shalom
God bless you!
tl;dr1 - 1/2 the Gospel is understanding just how vile and worthless we are (Romans 3:12).  The other half is to let Christ be worthy in our place, since we can't be.  If you're really strong on the first half, focus on the second.

tl;dr2 - If you are a believer, you are probably experiencing an emptiness caused by measuring your self-worth against worldly standards instead of by Christ in you.  If you are not a believer, you are probably experiencing a legitimate emptiness of your need for Christ to provide worth and value to your life.  

ONE

When someone said he would follow Jesus anywhere, Jesus' response was: "You're going to be homeless and without a place to sleep."  Another man said he's follow Jesus after his father's funeral.  Jesus replied, "Let the non-Christians go, you need to be with me."  Likewise, he even told another man he shouldn't say goodbye to his family.  There are things in our lives that we're not willing to give up.  When the rich young man was asked to give up all of his wealth to follow Christ, the Bible says he walked away sad.  Jesus never promised that following him would make your life easier - only harder.

When Paul first identified himself, it was as "the least of all of the apostles."  The second time it was "the least of all believers."  The third time it was "the least of all sinners."  His opinion of his own self-worth was decreasing as he got to know Christ, not increasing.  The key is that instead of wallowing in this accurate view of himself, he rejoiced in how much God had overcome in him.  As John describes, the closer you get to the light, the more your imperfections are exposed.

The problem is that we try to rely on our own efforts to conquer sin and earn favor with God.  Proverbs 14:12 says, "There is a way that seems right to a man, but in the end it leads to death."  Likewise, Galations 3:3 further adds: "Are you so foolish?  After beginning with the Spirit, are you now trying to attain your goal by human effort?"  Christ is the only answer.

The glory of Christ is that you have inherent value through Him and that you don't have to do anything to earn it - you only have the opportunity to respond with respect, love and obedience.  However, as soon as we try to rely on those things to make God love us, we fall right back into Proverbs 14:12, as we have removed Christ from the answer.

TWO

There are six places any person can be in at any one time.

Christian:
1. Legitimately full - Every believer has the ability to experience the fullness that Christ offers at any and all times of life.
2. Illegitimately full - However, we often start to look to worldly measures (grade, job, family, hobbies, athletics, etc.) to find validation.  When we succeed in those things, we feel a fulness part from Christ, which is only temporary and not what Christ wants.
3. Illegitimately empty - When we rely on illegitimate sources for fullness, those things will ultimately fail and we will experience emptiness.  This emptiness is illegitimate because we can have fullness through Christ, even if everything in life sucks (i.e. the apostles singing praises in their prison cell after being beaten and imprisoned).

NON-CHRISTIAN
4. Illegitimately full - Non-believers don't have the option of legitimate fullness because they don't have Christ, so any fullness is in reliance on illegitimate sources.
5. Illegitimately empty - As before, these sources fail and lead to emptiness.
6. Legitimate emptiness - When a non-believer realizes that nothing in this world will satisfy him and he needs more, but doesn't have Christ, he is empty.  Rich or poor, this can either be the best or worst-case scenario.  The worst-case leads to suicide, as they will see no other option if they don't know or understand the Gospel.  The best-case leads them to Christ through the  Gospel.

If you are a believer, you are likely experiencing legitimate emptiness.  If you are a non-believer, you are likely experiencing legitimate emptiness.  Feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss these issues more in-depth.  [note: my source is "Understanding People" by Dr. Larry Crabb]
Up to my life now I have been an Atheist. Just recently I have met a friend who is very religious and has been talking to me about god and what it is all about. I have been going to church and I have even prayed. I have also asked for him to show me his existence and I have been shown nothing. I am not against religion and do not bash on it in the slightest, I only ask questions about it and been reading the bible to find out what it is all about. My friend has introduced me to many people that have recently found god and most of them are in their 30's and 40's. Just this last Sunday I went to Catholic mass and the preacher there said he converted to Christianity at the age of 47 and has been been preaching now for 5 years. As my friend explained to me god will show himself to you if you have faith and are open to the idea of him. Even without god there are many things to live for. The joys in life are amazing and there are times where I have felt this same feeling you are having. Don't give up and continue to strive for things that make you happy. Try new things; for example I just recently picked up fly fishing and it's amazing, I haven't caught anything but everything takes practice to get good at it and have fun. If you can find a way to have fun while learning something that is a true achievment because it's frustrating as hell. I don't know if this helps but life doesn't stop when you stop believing in Jesus. If you can find a way to believe in Jesus and strive to live a life of fulfillment and accomplish something. Life is short and there is no need to end it earlier than you have to. Hell I just met a guy the other day and I asked him how he was doing and he said "I had a terrible decade". He was only 30 years old and he said this but he was still here with us because he knows that he has potentially 40-70 years to live. 

We all spend time finding worth in ourselves. Then the bible shows that we don't have worth outside of what God has given us. It's a hard pill to swallow. You won't always feel his presence in your life just like you don't you don't always "feel" gravity. Much of this is hard to explain simply because God has no peer. He just is. Most of the things we say about Him are going to be metaphor because He is beyond our comprehension.
It's not bad at all because he probably doesn't exist. You sound like you are becoming enlightened and breaking the shackles of ignorance. Congratulations, relish in the human condition and not fairy tales, that is where true happiness lies. 
I struggled with this for awhile as well. Not too long ago I wasn't really sure if I believed in God.  It's like I wanted to believe but I just couldn't for some reason. I tried to pray but its like i couldnt get the words out for something i wasnt totally sure i believed in. And I have grown up in church but strayed away from the path and started getting into drugs and stuff life that.  It got to the point where it was like I couldn't even function unless I was high, I probably could have but I was kinda addicted and I was just always wanting that high feeling and tried to get it every chance I could.  I had a lot of doubts about the existence of God and I didn't want to. And I thought that if there is no God then what's the point? If this life is all there is then I would rather just be dead because this life just isn't worth living by itself to me. And I got extremely depressed and I just didn't know what to do.  Eventually I stopped doing drugs and started getting into exercise and healthier eating habits and it was a good substitute for me to get my mind off drugs. I felt a lot better and happier.  And it lasted for awhile but then I kinda got depressed again and then that turned into anger because I just didn't understand why I felt this way especially when I had been doing so much better.  I wanted answers and I just didn't know what to do.  I got into watching documentaries and I came across these few documentaries, Im not sure what exactly it was called but it was something like incredible creatures that defy evolution volumes 1,2 and 3. And it was about evolution vs creation and how this Christian evolutionists looked into evolution and by his studies became a creationist. It was pretty interesting but I was still unsure about a lot of things.  So I kept searching and found The Case for Christ by Lee Strobel and that was pretty amazing I really had no idea how much historical evidence their was about Jesus! And pretty recently I found out that the Bible is the most historically verifiable book in all of antiquity! And the only book that is more historically verifiable than the Old Testament is the New Testament! So whether you believe in God or not, to deny that these people in the Bible existed would be like to deny history itself basically.  And then I came across another documentary called God of Wonders and that one really blew me away.  It was basically a bunch of Christian scientists talk about creation vs evolution again and it's like they used science to show how God does it.  To me it just makes a lot more sense that an intelligent designer made the world that we see rather than just some mindless random chance nothing making an explosion and some how forming the universe.  I mean if you really study science it's ridiculous how complex and perfect everything works together in order to survive.  I don't see how mindless nothing could make something that just works so perfectly together.  I believe that just as a house requires a designer that the universe requires a Creator!  That night I just prayed like I had never before and I told God that I was blown away by what He has done and that I was tired of doing things my way and I wanted to start living a life that was pleasing to Him. And I started going back to church and when I gave my life to Christ and started putting God first in my life I had never felt more joy and satisfaction. And when I think about it the only times in my life I had felt this way was when I had God most important in my life which hasn't happen in a really long time until that day :) there are a lot of things we don't know and probably will never know but I have learned that I'm gonna put my faith in God before I put faith in anything else and I will trust Him.  I hope this helped in some way and I will keep you in my prayers! 
I promise you'll be just fine if you pray, and trust that God will help you get what you need
You are a sinner who deserves hell. You have broken God's law many times and continue to do so. Your sin separates you from a holy and just God. You owe a debt that you can never repay. BUT, God loves you so much that He sent his son to be the perfect substitute for God's wrath on your behalf. He suffered and died. He was separated from the Father, for you. Your debt is paid. You are free. All of this so that you can partake in, and reflect the glory of the Almighty. 

If you are a Christian, you believe this. Find your joy here. Find your meaning here. Look outside of yourself to the One who is worthy of your praise and worship. 
skatercookie123, don't listen to this evangelical nutjob. You are no sinner, nor do you deserve the flames of Hell. You are a child of God. You are worthy of life because He created your very spirit. You are special because you are his. 

I know what it is like to doubt. When my grandfather passed away, I struggled a great deal with my faith. I remember sitting in the pew, listening to the priest as he tried to comfort us. All I could think was, "what if this is it? What if he's dead and there's nothing more for him? What if there is no God and we're all following this ridiculous lie? Is our idea of God just something schoolchildren will read in their history books way down the line?" I went back and forth between shame, fear, and anger for a while; and to be completely honest, I still do doubt, in my darkest hours. BUT what I do know is that human beings are capable of emotional suffering far beyond any other animal on this earth. I believe many animals are capable of love and affection, but suffering to the extent we do? I feel your pain and I want you to know that your suffering is not without reason. God created us in his image, so that we may understand the struggle that is life, which allows us to receive eternal love from the Father. 

When you are sad, please look to the rays of sun that peak through the clouds. That's him. Feel the wind on your face. He is there; it is of this way that he lets you know you are not alone. 

Please know that you are worthy of life and worthy of immense love. Life is hard, it really really is. But remember, Christ died alone on a cross; Christ too doubted when he asked his Father, "My God, My God, why have you forsaken Me?" What he learned was that he had not been forsaken, and neither have you. 

I wish nothing but love and happiness for you. And please, hang in there because IT DOES GET BETTER. God loves you, and I am sending you my love as well. Chin up and get yourself outside; sometimes taking a break to enjoy all of God's creation can put things back into perspective.
As a non-Christian, I've thought about this a lot.  I started reading some of the threads here and it looks like there are a lot of decent level headed fair minded Christians here, so hopefully some of you will indulge me and provide some answers...


As we all know you can look through the various works that make up the bible and cherry pick some passages that we all know practically most Christians would never agree with.  I don't want to get too bogged down with specific examples but this could be anything from putting disrespectful children to death, to giving away all your worldly possessions.  I'm sure there are lots of examples of things that he bible says, but not even the most extreme fundamentalist Christians actually act upon.  


I know there are some people who have gone line by line through the whole bible and found ways to justify different interpretations for each passage so that it all fits with their worldview, but I think most Christians do not need to do this in order to decide that they won't give away all their possessions or kill unruly children.  They obviously have some internal moral reasoning and are not following some sort of "divine command" theory of morality where things are made moral or immoral based solely on god's say so.  Only the extreme fanatics I think take this view and thankfully there don't seem to many on reddit from what I have seen.


So it seems clear to me that Christians have not abandoned their morals completely to a higher authority and are able to determine which aspects of the bible they will adhere to and which they won't.  Is it based on your own personal moral views?  Is it a personal revelation from God or Jesus?  Is it that your concept of god is different or seperate from the books that make up the bible?


To a total non believer in god, determining what "rules" to follow is based on moral philosophies that obviously do not come from any divine source.  They would be based on their own reason, empathy, logic, protection of human well being, etc.  I can imagine that Christians would determine their morals in much the same way, but then are you really "following" teachings of others, or are you choosing what to follow based on your own beliefs?


The thought that is anyone is willng to provide a thoughtful answer to this line of questioning it would help me think about moral philosophies from a different angle and give some new ideas about morality.
There are two covenants, old and new testaments. The old covenant had certain guidelines of ceremony that are done away with (because of fulfillment of those things) in the new.

Additionally, some things are to be taken literally and other have a spiritual connotation. (IE Severing your limbs if they "offend" you) The understanding mainly comes from much study of context.

Personally, I believe every bit of it is applicable.

Hope that helps!
tl;dr on errthing
It's hard to know what context in which people sell their possessions. The bible does say to eat and enjoy life, and that a married persons concerns are carnal basically - so I think it depends on the situation you are in. As far as killing a "bad seed" child etc, I think it may have been important before mens eyes were capable of being made open by the holy spirit. Every person on earth is forgiven, but that doesn't mean they're going to get eternal wife-hood with God. They have to accept the forgiveness so that that love is not forced upon them. Jesus died for everyones sin so now we don't have to die for it. We have capability of understanding mental conditions, we can be saved by the Lord, we can be made well with Joy (not that people couldn't be made well before, but I think there was a level of understanding they couldn't reach). They had "the blinders on". There are certain things that (Paul?) says like (paraphrasing) "it's better to remain unmarried and serve the lord", but he specifies that this is his opinion and not from the Lord. Also keep in mind that jesus says "all scripture is good for doctrine and learning" and this is before it was all pasted together in one "book", the bible, or the Torah. They had a lot of scripture that they considered inspired. Once you are saved you begin to get to know the "man you are engaged to" (we are referred to as the bride). You start to know whats BS and what's not. We can't totally rely on our understanding. Everyone WILL mess up. We can't get to heaven by good works, see. What matters to God is intent. The bible says that those who hadn't heard of him will be judged according to his fathers law (i'm sorry I wish I knew where this was, the bible is huge). The only thing we can do is what we think is right. The new testament says if we do something we think is wrong (even if it's not an "official sin" though the idea is sort of silly) then it's a sin for that person. For example, if you are strict vegan, and you use bacon fat that someone left in a pan to make a gravy for potatoes "just this once" then you have committed a sin because you knowingly did something that you consider wrong. Sin is sin because it leads to death. When you do evil things, when you are under stress, when you let yourself be a victim, your health suffers - we all know this. Sin is sin because it's bad for us. Sometimes something seems like its not wrong on a personal level, but it may affect a society in a horrible way in the long run. God is timeless and he sees these affects just as easily as the short-termed ones. Please ask me anything and I'll do my best to answer, but understand that Christians aren't supposed to be perfect, just trying to please God.

In essence/Summary/TLDR/TL;DR: We can only do what we know in our hearts to be best. Then we are blameless. Once we know, we must try to do better or we are showing we care more about our selfish desires than breaking Gods heart (so to speak).
James 1:22-25
tells us that that "the word of god" is like a mirror do not forget what you "see" but do what "it says" put it in to action practice what it says everything it says not just 'pick n choose" 

that's why there's a difference between a disciple and a christian. Most Christians just call them selves christian and have no clue what a disciple is to be a true 'christian" you have to be a disciple. Disciple=Christian=Saved furthermore Most christians don't even know the "foundation" or in other words the first principlas or elementary teachings of being a christian.

Hebrews 5:11-14
Is talking about the first Christians how they out to be "teachers" by now but instead they need to learn the elementary truths about God's word all over again. Lol he goes on to say that they need "milk" not "solid food"
then Hebrews 6 goes on to say that we gotta put our elementary teachings aside and "mature" as a christian and gobble up that "solid food" food is usually referred to "scriptures"
They take the parts they like and ignore the other parts.
Thall shall not murder.
ignoring the fact that the old testament said elijah cursed children and god sent bears to tear them a part.

One is believed and followed but the other isnt. guess why


I will not even try to make my response as long as the few below, however I will do my best to convey the ideas that have formed thanks to [Shane Willard](http://www.shanewillard.org/).

Imagine if you will, that the garden of Eden was the beginning of humanity. Imagine being made without any ideas, preconceptions, or thoughts about the world.Many of the books of the Bible were designed for people who had little to no knowledge about the world or anything in it. If you read Leviticus 15 It sounds pretty stupid or silly. Of coarse you wouldn't touch or sit on a seat after a man with DIARRHEA has sat there, but back then, they did not know that! They were asked to sacrifice a specific number of animals because without God having told them, they would regularly keep killing animals until they felt that they had atoned.
Progressing through the Bible with the idea that everyone is montypython stupid, it starts to make a lot more sense as to what laws should be followed and what laws should not. 
Speaking on the idea that unrully children should be put to death, (exodus 21:15) if you look, you will find that later in the Bible (Proverbs 19:18) you get the following "Discipline your children, for in that there is hope; do not be a willing party to their death."

Read leviticus and look at how many absolutly obvious laws and things there are. It goes into such extreme detail because they had no sense about what to do. They would cut themselves regularly to try to appease God. So God essentially said ,"no, you can cut yourself ONCE and only the men will do it and we will call it circumcision." 

All of the verses in the Bible can be taken out of context like anything else in the world. Remember to look into the culture, and into the history surrounding an event before you make a judgment on a single sentence.

What you ask is something I have had many many many etc. conversations about. And its very confusing. I am a philosophy/psychology studies in college so I think WAY too much. 

To start off we must say that truth is truth its not relative to what I believe. So I believe Jesus is the messiah that does NOT make him one, however, if one does NOT believe Jesus is the messiah that doesn't change the fact that he is. 

With that out of the way, there are two types of morality, subjective or objective. We can never know an objective morality by its very definition that it is not apart of us, its objective. So the way I see it is that you need the bible that was inspired/came from/farted out by God(objective) to come into a subjective world. Otherwise, an objective morality would not be possible or relevant to us because there would be no way to think/view it.

That is a lot and I can obviously talk FOREVER like any philosophy person can, so I will simply say that I believe that I am following Jesus. So I look at the gospels to see how to conduct my life. I am not following Israel when they killed, I am not following fundamentalist or liberalism. I am following the actions that Jesus taught because I believe that to be the BEST way to live my life PERIOD. God or no God, Jesus would be the best way to live my life (coming from logic and psychology).

I hope this helps. I think its some original ideas that would be a welcoming experience to you. :)

Let me know if you want to talk some more, I would love to talk alll DAY! :D
Hey, I'm not a Christian, but I can give you a few Bible lines to show you how most Christians are supposed to view the law.

Galatians 2:19
For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God

Galatians 2:21 
I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain. 

Galatians 2:16
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified. 

Galatians 3: 2-3
(2) This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith? 

(3) Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?

(The flesh refering to the Law)

Galatians 3:11
But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

Pretty much all of Galatians is about telling people not to live by the law but by faith alone.  So to answer your question simply.  The bible tells Christians to make their own moral decisions based upon faith.  Faith that God will give them the correct answer as to what is right or wrong.  When a Christian is at a point of needing moral guidence, it is their responsibility to pray and ask God for the answer.

Maybe that helps.
Hello, as a Christian, we should follow what Christ said, and you can find it in the new testament.

And by the way, there are some other things you can follow on the Old Testament.

Bless you
Thank you for the response.  So I take it then that you do attempt to follow all instructions in the bible that you think still apply and in the context which you believe they were intended?  So just hypothetically suppose you studied the bible and came to a different conclusion about what laws still apply.  Or suppose you were put back in the ancient world before the NT was written.  So you believe that it actually is a rule that you are to put to death disrespectful children.  In this situation would you do so because go wanted it?  Would you do so knowing that it was wrong, but doing it out of obedience?  Or do you believe that by god saying so, it would make that action morally right?

I am also curious if you have ever found something by studying the bible that you think something like "man, I personally really don't see the logic in this and don't believe this is a moral thing to do, but I will follow it because I accept this is what god wants."  Or has it been your experience that your conclusions based on studying the bible have more or less always lined up with your own moral views?
So how do you know when the OT DOES apply?

Exactly. The old testement is really there for reference, no one should follow or take seriously anything written there. 

I mean - if anyone was to ACTUALLY follow what the old testment teaches it would be a pretty horrible world.

That was sort of: God's creation v1.0, which was flawed, so god patched creation and created v1.01.
Thanks for the response.  In your opinion then it would seem that it doesn't really matter what rules are in the bible, you are just trying to do what you think is right according to your own sense of morality.  I think this would imply that the bible is not very useful to you as a moral rule book, but more as a revelation of Jesus and the gospel.  I assume this would also mean that if you believe something to be immoral but the bible commands it, you will not do it.  Am I getting this?

Thinking about this also leads me to ask whether in your opinion this applies to all rules, or if there are some rules that are simply absolutes that everyone must follow regardless of their own moral views?  Like if I think in my mind it is not immoral to rape or kill people or something, is this not a sin because I am doing my best according to my moral code, or are there certain absolutes?  And if so, how do you determine which are the "absolute" laws and which are open to be followed or not?
You are forgetting the difference between the old and new testaments. The new testament, we are taught by Jesus, is the new order by which we follow. Christians are no longer defined by laws and rules, they are defined by love and mercy. The Old Testament was handed down to the early Israelites because they were a nomadic, warring people, and therefore had to be held to a strict standard so as to not degrade their society.

Modern-Day Christians, however, are subject specifically to the rules defined in the New Testament. Jesus tells us that the only two commandments are to love God with all your heart, soul, and mind, and to love your neighbor as yourself. All other things are contained within these two rules.
First off - I would consider myself a fundamentalist and my views may more than likely conflict what you will typically find in mainstream Christian circles. That said...

I believe the laws of the old testament (Mostly what your referencing is in Deuteronomy, the last book of law.) to be applicable today in a "spiritual context" regarding the ceremonial approach to God. This is clearly illustrated over and over in the New Testament. Regarding the holiness of God and things regarding his character etc, these things remain unchanged.

At the time they were given however these laws were most assuredly physical and sanctified by God and thus "moral". This also was a hostile tribe moving through a desert wilderness also preparing to war with other nations. They had not been "civilized" so to speak and needed the fear based corporal punishment system to establish themselves as a nation and thus fulfill the purpose of God.

This law was not just given to the children of Israel - but to the whole world and I believe this is why we (even atheist) have the moral code and level of conscience that we do. God had to "teach" humanity what right and wrong were essentially. At the time these laws were given, humanity was in a "morally infantile" state. If you study any nation across the entire world during that time they were doing much worse and without any type of justice system in place at all.

One thing that the nation of Israel was actually chastised for by Jesus was their "black and white" interpretations of the law. Jesus (God manifest in the flesh, and original provider of those laws.) expected them to use sound human judgment also. (IE Luke 6:9)

I don't know if I've ever found something that conflicted with me morally in having to lower my standards - Often the opposite. There has been plenty that has "gone against my grain" that I've had to adjust my behavior to line up with the word of God, but nothing amoral.

Sorry for being so long winded!
The OT always applies, some of it has been fulfilled however. Matt 5:17 Quite simply the ceremonial (including OT law) approach to God has changed in the revelation of Jesus Christ.

You have to remember, humanity didn't know God - and couldn't handle "all" of God. (We still "see through a glass darkly" 1 Cor 13:12 on some things) He has basically revealed himself to us incrementally. The OT points us to Christ.

Case in point, the sin offering for all people (done annually) was a spotless lamb that was sacrificed by the high priest who then washed in a large basin of water and took the blood of the lamb and spread in on a large box that had two angels statues on either side of a carved chair. (Ark of the Covenant)

All of this was indicative of Jesus, the lamb of God. Who was offered on the cross of calvary and laid in a tomb. Yet when they sought for his body the saw only two angels, one at the head and one at the foot, were he had laid. The OT come full circle.

I'm not sure "apply" us the appropriate wording. Remember, the OT is full of prophecy of things not yet come to pass. Things of this nature "apply", but have not been "fulfilled". 

Hope that helped!
Isn't god all knowing and powerful though, how come god didn't just do it right the first time?
No, it does matter what is in the bible. That's the part where "once you know better" you have to do your best to obey it. It's wrong to arbitrarily rape someone because it's selfish, and obviously so. It's full of hate. There's no love in rape. 
Forgot to address the question in the last sentence of the 2nd paragraph. My opinion so far is that it's wrong because it would lead to a slight destruction of your body, and since life is goodness and life, it'd be wrong to do that on purpose. This is a topic I'm foggy on. Is this verse implying there's sin that doesn't lead to death? I don't know. It seems there are 2 levels of sin, sin against your body which I theorize means you are only hurting yourself, and spiritual sin that leads to death. I'm researching this. 1Jn 5:15  And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him. 
1Jn 5:16  If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it. 

Not in my experience!  Either you love God or you're a anti-American communist fag!
[deleted]
That actually did. people talk a lot about the old covenant as if it has been made obsolete, or irrelevant by the new covenant. The distinction that it has been fulfilled, not invalidated explains a lot.

Thanks!
Please, if you're going to just mindlessly bash Christianity, head on over to r/atheism. We're trying to have a theological discussion, and it makes sense that if you believe the bible that you also believe human nature is inherently evil and that morals and conscience come from God.

If you want to interject again into the discussion, please do so in a level-headed manner that presents facts rather than conjectures and insults.
No one said that non-christians can't be moral.  It's more like this- since man was created in the image of God, we still reflect aspects of him, even in our fallen state.  This includes a desire to do the right thing and care about others.

But the real, CORE point of christianity isn't just to be a good person, because it's impossible for us to sanctify ourselves.  The point is that Christ died for our sins, taking that judgement upon himself.  When we accept that gift, we are freed from judgement, and as we grow as christians and in our relationship with God, we begin to bear the "fruits of the spirit," such as kindness, gentleness, patience, love, etc.
[deleted]
I understand the view you stand on Christianity and I respect that. But, seriously, stop mocking and discourteously bashing ppl that are trying to have a, like he/she said, theological discussion. I know you think youre all clever with your smart ass remarks and "LOLs", but if you dont notice youre the only one that is mindlessly expressing yourself. If you have questions or remarks, express yourself in a mature civilized manner. I know you dnt believe these to be facts or whatever, but if you have to say something contradicting to what we believe, express your grounds and reasoning and we'll gladly discuss.
I don't think so, he gave it to us.
It is a grey area, and paul spoke about grey areas in romans 14.

I personally see no evil in smoking the herb. I do have a problem with breaking the law, and so did paul:
"Whoever rebels against the authority is rebelling against what God has instituted, and those who do so will bring judgment on themselves."

Do as you will, but I have decided not to touch the plant again until it is legalized.
I don't believe it is a sin, however something doesn't have to be a sin to be harmful or even keep you from God. 

I don't remember the exact verse, but the bible says if something hurts your conscience, then it is a sin to do it. My thoughts are that if it doesn't, and you're not hurting anyone else, then all is good.
I am a recent seminary grad and this topic (and alcohol) is of interest to many Christians. First off, God did many things that do not make sense to humans. Secondly, we are sinful creatures who literally live with two worlds "inside (if we are Christian)." This war of the flesh is very hard. If and when God placed weed upon the earth (you have to admit, we do not KNOW if he placed it there or it evolved on this sinful planet) he knew what it was for-we cannot assume that we know its (full) purpose. Somehow it began to be used to self-medicate/medicate. The sin of the fall caused disease to enter us and provided a "need" for the use of herb. Was it God's intention in the beginning for us to use it in this manner? We do not know. 
For the most part, Christians look upon any weed smoking as a sin (something humans choose that separates us from God). The smokers advocate that weed was put here to soothe and cannot be wrong because God made it. In fact, that he wants us to enjoy ourselves and partake. 
When in doubt I believe we should look to the New Testament heroes in order to get a grip on this debate. We have John on one extreme holding out against almost all human affects, and Jesus, seemingly, on the other, dining with the drunk and lewd, eating at table with them, watching the people play sexual games and gorge themselves with drink and food. One must assume that Jesus was sad for the state of these ones but also was able to see a way to witness. One can be sure that he never sinned while with the revelers. Can we say the same? If we went to a drunken party or buffet line would we be able to withdraw? The Bible is very clear that we are not to be drunkards or gluttons. So what about weed? If we just have it in moderation are we OK? We eat some food and we drink some wine-like Jesus-so what about weed? Isn't it the same? Yes, I believe it is the same-but there is something else to consider. Paul says that we are NEVER to become a stumbling block to a seeker with our actions. He says to follow their ways and eat as they do in order to win souls. It is a truth in our world that weed is seen as a 'bad' thing. If a teenager you were witnessing to saw you smoking weed, how would she feel? Would she trust you? Would her parents trust you? Even if you only smoked now and again she would see you as unclean and lines would blur in her mind. Some would say that this is good, but confusion is always from Satan. We do not want to bring others away from God just because we want a passing pleasure. And if you are smoking to please others or to fit a certain image of yourself that you are upholding you are bowing to an idol. Yes, I think that our view of pot needs to change and I think it should be legalized, especially for medicinal purposes, but we must never let anything come between us and the Lord. Unfortunately food, drink, and other substances seem to have a sneaky way of undermining our spiritual high ground. Just leave it alone, set it down, lay it aside in order to run the race God had planned for us with grace and righteousness. All things are permissible but not all are beneficial. Legality aside, this issue is about the heart (as are most things). Follow your conscience. 
There are two problems presented by pot.

1) We are doing some damage to our bodies, and one could acknowledge the harmful intent as a variation of murder..  By this though, tatoos, tobacco, excessive alcohol, and many other things are sins.

2) It's illegal in a lot of places, and this is a disregard of authority, as an extension many denominations accept of Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother, and Jesus' words on respecting authority.

That said, God forgives, and sins are that which distance us from him, so I suppose if you came up with a variation on the common table prayer for bongs that you were doing it respectfully and with no sinful intent, it would probably fall under 'Law for law's sake,' being that which is to teach us of our nature rather than to struggle against failing in.
I think having a "sound mind" is important. The bible (OT) speaks of how alcohol is for the depressed and dying. I'm guessing it means suicidal depressed. I think simply because it's illegal and you are smoking it anyway, that makes it a sin. The act itself? Depends on if it's gluttonous or not. 
Weed is fine, under the right circumstances. Take of example 'drinking'. Drinking alcohol is not sin, but drunkenness is. Weed has positive benefits medically, and I personally would never use except for that reason. Weed can relate pain. Through studies we have also learned it can help prevent alzimers. It's all about context. If its not for medical purposes it would most likely be a sin. God doesn't approve having impaired judgement and not being in full control of one self.
Marijuana is illegal under federal law in the United States and therefore it is a sin to smoke it because we are commanded to obey the governing authorities.
I think what most peoples problems with drinking to much and smoking weed has to do with loss of control. The thing that my friends have said is the don't drink or smoke because they believe there is a possibility they will sin because they lose control of their body. They aren't saying weed or alcohol causes them to sin at all. Just that there is a morel likely chance they will do something stupid. 

Obviously too, Jesus drank wine, so there can't be anything wrong with drinking any alcohol
I believe in both Christianity and Muslim it's considered a harem.
To be honest with you, I don't see any foul in smoking weed. Do I smoke it (or do any other drug)? No. The physical consequences are not worth it. I drink, but not in the amounts that your typical college student would do, which is drinking as many beers, sips, or whatever as you can.

So my answer is no, but that's my interpretation. 
To my current knowledge, God never made it a sin, so to my knowledge it is not a sin.
Yes and he also gave us poisonous foods. While I don't think its directly a sin, I think that it would impair your judgement and LEAD you to sin therefor its not GOOD? you know? plus a lot of people start off with pot because its pretty harmless. but then move onto bigger drugs that cause more problems. so I don't think its a sin. but it could open you up for someone to take a serious crap on your life. 
he also gave us naturally occurring cyanide and arsenic.

is it a sin? I don't believe so. to murder is sinful, to smoke is not as long as it is not often enough to harm your body alot (according to the bible, our bodies are temples of God), and does not lead you to commit sin
Here is the biggest thing to consider, along with overeating (gluttony) and laziness (sloth)

1 Corinthians 6:19–20
	19	Or do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have from God, and that you are not your own?
	20	For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body.
Maybe not, but not obeying authority (I.e. The government) is.
[deleted]
In some countries it's illegal to be christian.. So are they sinning because god put those people in power?
[deleted]
When you know that the law is unjust, is it still a sin to disobey this law?
PS: I drink, but have never smoked weed. I haven't decided where I stand on it, and wont smoke it at least until it's legal. 

PPS: One of my friends thinks the problem with weed is that "If you are smoking weed you are trying to lose control and get crazy, where as alcohol you can have one drink just to be social" I have no idea if that really applies to weed or not... just what he said.
Not gateway drug. That is a lie perpetuated by the Government. The millions of marijuana only users out there are the proof. Also, the stats that are out there show that alcohol is more of a gateway than anything else. However, that is legal.


If you can pin it on being a gateway it would be only due to the fact it is illegal. Sometimes you have to be in unsavory situations to obtain it. Depending on the people who associate your self with. Smoking the plant itself does not lead to harder drugs. The environment does. That is not Marijuana fault.
I live in ca and I know VERY few people who move on past pot.

Would I say it doesn't happen, no. but I would say that I agree with you, but I believe that the generalization as a gateway drug gives people reason to believe it's sinful
Which aren't herbs lol.
Genesis 1:29.
Then God said, "Behold, I have given you every plant yielding seed that is on the surface of all the earth, and every tree which has fruit yielding seed; it shall be food for you." 

1 Timothy 4:1-4.
4:1 But the Spirit explicitly says that in later times some will fall away from the faith, paying attention to deceitful spirits and doctrines of demons, 
4:2 by means of the hypocrisy of liars seared in their own conscience as with a branding iron, 
4:3 men who forbid marriage and advocate abstaining from foods, which God has created to be gratefully shared in by those who believe and know the truth. 
4:4 For everything created by God is good, and nothing is to be rejected, if it is received with gratitude; 

LOL
We are called to obey laws AFTER our duty to Christ. We are to obey the worlds laws unless it goes against Gods. 
It's ridiculous you got 2 downvotes for a good questions that deserves a good answer.
I'm not sure what you mean by that question, but I would say that the founding fathers were human, and THAT makes them sinful.
yeah there has actually been several scientific studies done on it and none have shown that it will lead to harder drugs, or bring any kind of ill effect, its safer than alcohol from even a purely physiological standpoint and you will pass out before you can over dose

So if there are herbs that kill you when smoked that's okay? I'm on weeds side, but the herb argument is completely absurd.
He meant our founding father grew hemp and smoked it, and to answer his question; because all humans are sinful yes they were sinful but not because of weed. At that time it was legal and a great cash crop. The bible states we shouldn't do anything to excess. Study out drunkenness and it's really not what we think it is. Jesus was at a party that so much wine was drank he was asked to make more. Weed is only sinful because it's against the law. 
Murder is against oneself is still a sin under the law, but experiencing euphoria from an herb God made is not. Go ahead, read the Old Testament. I did. There's nothing against plant use. 

The Coffee Bean also gives euphoria, as does the Cocoa Leaf- both made by God. Once you believe that God created the world then by necessity one also should believe *it is good* (Genesis 1:31) and that *he did* give every herb bearing seed to man (Genesis 1:29). The prohibition of the use of this herb only came in the 20th century by racists who wanted to oppress the latino man. Before hand it was accepted as the law was made by christians and not racists secular humanists. 

Marijuana- Prohibited by latino hating whites. It was used for centuries before this and suddenly didn't become 'sin' just because some latino hating secular humanists in the 1930's decided so. They ain't the bible. They sure as hell ain't the church.

Cocaine- Prohibited by african-american hating whites.

Peyote- Prohibited by native american hating whites.

LSD- Prohibited by hippie hating whites.

All of this prohibition is also pushed by drug corporations who are massively in favor of prohibiting marijuana since they can now sell more valium, vicodin, and marinol to achieve a similar affect at much worse consequences to the body. Tens of thousands of people are killed through legal drugs each year due to improper prescriptions and unforseen drug interactions. If we had everyone on mood-stabilization drugs go over to natural remedies such as marijuana- yes, their brain functions would be diminished but also **less people would die since a marijuana plant is less lethal then a potent and purified legal drug**.

Prohibition- advanced by the same sort of control freak group of people who promoted racial superiority through eugenics, sterilization, and putting abortion mills in minority-areas in hopes of repressing their population.

Imprisonment is not a biblical punishment, neither is punishing someone for ingesting or inhaling an herb. It's just not biblical. It's not a sin. Under the old testament, someone imprisoning someone else for use of an herb would be kidnapping. Get to know your bible, get to know your old testament and new testament and what is sin and what is not sin. 

However the only medicinal use of this herb is for those undergoing chemotherapy or other stressful experiences since it elevates appetite and allows people to eat and live who would otherwise not eat and die. It also is slightly helpful with marital intimacy issues, about as much as a glass or two of champagne or more.

*Edit: I've never used marijuana, and never would except to save my life.*

Dude, all I'm saying is that saying that because it's an herb the bible says you can smoke it is false. In the old testament it states that our bodies are a temple not to be defiled or destroyed. Which is why tattoos are against Jewish law. Are you stating smoking is less bad for you than tattoos? Based on the herb argument, only ingestion of  marijuana is okay.
Actually it's in the *new testament* in 1 Corinthians 6:19 which says **Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God?**. Have you not read the words of Jesus in Matthew 15:11 which says **It is not what goes into a man's mouth that defiles him; but it is what comes out of a man**.

Therefore what you ingest *no longer makes you impure, since prohibition on what you ingest is a part of the code of law only to be practiced by jewish people before the new covenant brought by Christ Jesus*. *We can't just willy-nilly ADD things to the old law! God made one law, we can't keep adding ON TO IT as if we were God. It's not God who prohibited Marijuana- it was racist white people running congress in the 1930s! And God did not prohibit the use of herbs.*. Shellfish is more ritualistically impure then marijuana. But under the new covenant all non-jewish people may ingest without being defiled by what they ingest. Under the old covenant shellfish for jewish people was prohibited. Both shellfish and marijuana were made by God in the first place.

The bible does not prohibit tattoos. When you read Leviticus 19:28 it reads in Leviticus 19:28 **Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead**... this was later expanded to cover ALL markings under jewish oral tradition. however the actual text of the old testament is explicit- only markings for the dead. A tat of a flower is okay- the flower isn't dead. A tat of a face of a soldier you knew who got killed in action is not- he's dead.
There is always vaporization
Before I was saved I sought after God. I learned a tremendous amount of apologetics, scripture, and other things. I was obsessed to an outsider. My spare time was dedicated to Christianity .

But i never had peace. Never could I answer with sureness if I was saved or if God even existed. All my knowledge and work was nothing.

Finally, 1 day im watching a YouTube video about salvation. It had never been taught to me before with such clarity.

How the gift of grace is eternal and requires none of what I do.

So from then on I was saved. I ran around my backyard all day knowing what it all meant.



I'm very glad to hear your story!

Before anyone comes in and says so, for what it's worth, a Calvinist would say that your seeking after God was enabled, empowered, and ordained by God, and that God was irresistably drawing you that whole time. I don't think we can really say "saved in a Calvinistic/Arminian fashion", I think we were all just saved by God, and those are how we understand the process rather than how we experience it.
What YouTube video?
An Arminian would say that too, mind.
Calvinists try to give a two dimensional explanation to something that is 4 dimensional, to make an analogy. When you tell someone that essentially their experiences are an illusion you have significant burden of proof that Calvinists cannot supply. Salvation is a gift from the Lord that even angels marvel at. I really think we should receive and rejoice in our salvation rather than supplying human explanations for things to wonderful for our comprehension. 
Not with the word "irresistibly".
An Arminian wouldn't say that the drawing was irresistible, but yeah they would say that God was drawing them. 
Fair enough, but surely for the rest.
Indeed, but all else I agreed to.  For the sake of my own cage-stage Arminianism, I would say that OP describes Pelagianism rather than Arminianism, or really semi-Pelagianism.
I don't recall the distinction offhand between Pelagianism and semi-Pelagianism. Can you jog my memory?
A Pelagian is someone who says that salvation is dependent on themselves and their action.  A Semi-Pelagian says that one can initiate their salvation by making a choice to choose God apart from grace, but that God then gives grace for salvation as a result.
Oh that's right, and the church found that Pelagianism was heresy but that semi-pelagianism and semi-augustinianism both weren't.
Nah, Semi-Pelagianism was condemned in 529 in the Second Council of Orange.  I don't believe Augustinianism was condemned in an early council, either, IIRC.

I gotta be honest I had low low expectations with that click but man, you guys (and gals) nailed it. Great job. 
What the hell, have an upvote.
Well thank you! 
Just want to introduce myslef. My names Pedro I'm a born again Christian. I live in Kansas. Blessed parent of 2 beautiful girls. I joined reddit to help those in need. I don't have all the answers only God does. But if someone needs someone to talk to I'm here. Have a wonderful day in Jesus name. 
Pray for me please! 
I have just started my own business, and not sure I'm doing everything right. I belive God plans for me to have "a hope and a future." We've been paying our bills on husbands income alone, but still scared of failure/ humiliation.
So, I'm daily "walking by faith and not sight" 
God bless you
Nice to meet you! Where in Kansas do you live? (If you don't mind) 
Praises to God our Father and His son our Lord Jesus Christ for leading you to faith and salvation in Him.
  May He help you serve Him well and lead your family after Him as a faithful servant in love, peace, truth and righteousness.
I glad you have a business. Congratulations.  But let me tell you. If you do fail don't feel embarrassed you have God. Nothing can take that away. You took a big chance and that alone is a big deal. How many people can say I had my own business? But also God won't give you something that will hurt you in the long run. For example me. I just got out of drugs and alcohol. Me having money right now is a bad idea. Because I'll be tempted to buy those things. I'll pray that it's Gods will for you to have the business and suceed. Have a wonderful day. 
Not at all. I live in dodge city. Kansas. I was born in Los Angeles, California. Moved out here since I was 18 years old. I'm 27 now
Thank you. May God bless you.
That's awesome! I've lived in Kansas my whole life and I'm currently going to school in manhattan so that's why I was curious! 
Haha you know people or at least me haha. Want to move out of the big city to some quite area. I want my own farm out in the middle of kansas. But people who live in small city's want to live in big city's. Haha. I hope the best for you.
Title.
Calvinism ties everything up in a neat little bow. It's an entire system that gives you an answer for everything. Thus, it's no surprise those who subscribe to it wholeheartedly wind up thinking they have it all figured out. This can lead to pride and that's probably what leads to this bullying you speak of. That's my guess anyway.
I don't know what a Calvinist is. And I'm not even gonna search it up to be honest. Now a days they'll make up any word just to separate us. Confuse us. Just keep your eyes towards the Lord and don't buy into this worlds game. 
Examples?

I've experienced the opposite actually - Christians who thought Calvinism was a crock, and ones who thought that it was too confusing to understand.
Are Calvinists the ones who believe in "free will" or "sovereign God"?

I forget.

But, they're also the ones who believe that the bible is the irrefutable word of God, right? If that's the case, and someone believes otherwise, then according to 1 Tim, *"Keep a close watch on yourself and on the teaching. Persist in this, for by so doing you will save both yourself and your hearers."*

I'm not sure what a Calvinist is, tho; so I can't speak for them. But, if I were to debate someone (assuming that 'bully'-ing is, 'debating') it would be to weed out the truth.
Can't say I've ever seen anyone bullied for their soteriology, either Calvinist or Arminian. I have seen people rib one another over it, but it generally seems to go both ways and be fairly friendly about it. 

When I have seen people get more aggressive about either side, it is because they feel that something very important and valuable about God is being threatened. Calvinists, in my experience, are very concerned with the glory and almighty-ness of God, and are concerned that any reduction of their view is a reduction in the glory of God. I hear them characterize the Arminian God as a shy girl at a dance, hoping someone asks her to the floor. Such a view would concern me, too. Arminians tend to be very concerned with the goodness of God, and feel that Calvinism makes God out to be either evil, or a drastic reduction in goodness. I see the concern with that view, also. I can appreciate why someone would get upset or aggressive over these things, but it hasn't been the pattern of behavior that I've seen.
I have no idea sadly. I had a professor in Bible College who said "If you look, the smartest and most studious theologians are Calvinist... just saying"

My personal outlook, both Calvinism and Arminianism are in the Bible... There are verses that cannot be taken as anything but "Calvanism is right!" And there's just as many verses that say "Armianiism is right"... I also gave up on spelling.

But it is weird that Calvin's tend to be more iron willed and pushy with that theolgy than others.
Clearly it's common enough that [Adam made a comic about it](http://adam4d.com/cage-stage/)
You've never heard of Calvinism? Calvinism and arminianism have been around for a loooooong time.  
Calvinism was... err explained(?) around the 1500's so yeah, now a days XD 

It's interesting as it looks into questions of salvation, calvinims vs. Arminianism.
Calvinism is one of several Protestant breakaways from the Roman Catholic Church during the 1500s. They share many similarities to Lutherans, however the main difference is that they believe you do not have free will, that God has already chosen who will be saved and who will not. 
Calvinists are the sovereignty people. 
Sorry guys never heard of it. I try not to pay attention to labels. Plus I dropped out of school when I was in 9th grade. So hah yea. That's y my Grammer is bad. Thank God for auto correct
1500 hundreds ey. That's a long time. It's all the same though. Bunch of garbage. I don't even like the word Christian. I prefer desciple of Jesus Christ. 
I mean fair... Christians just means 'tiny Christs"

But how do you deal with the question of "If I'm a Christian now but walk away from him do I lose my salvation?" Or if a serial killer is Christian murders people but stays Christian, can he lose his salvation?

This is why it's an important topic and not some "garbage"
I don't know y we would need calvanism? To answer that question. If your truly saved then no matter what you do in the end the holy spirit will guide you back to God. Just because you say yes I accept don't mean you were saved. But once you are you will always find your way back to God

John 10:28-30 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand. I and my father am one

And if you ask how do I know I'm saved. I can only tell you how I knew I was saved. I accepted Jesus around the age of 12. I started hanging out with gangsters and pretty much anybody that did drugs and caused problems. Say I was out robbing or doing drugs. I would always pray for forgiveness before and after. My life was a mess before I became a born again christian. My girl left me and took the kids. I don't have a job. I don't have money to pay the rent or anything. They cut my gas of. Thank God it ain't winter. Haha. I knocked my front door down in a drunken rage state. I sleep in the living room with a bible in one hand and a loaded pistol in another. Despite everything I'm so happy. And on here helping those in need. Because the holy spirit is moving in me. And this is just practice for the real world. So in other words God never leaves you when you truly accept Jesus as your 1 and only savior.
But that's just it, the point isn't that you need to believe Calvinism, the point is that it's important to understand because it's a conversation worth having. Different people end up with different interpretations of Scripture, so there are probably plenty of people out there who have a different opinion on the topic. So sometimes, yes, it can be unnecessarily divisive, but sometimes it's just quicker to say "Calvinism" than to painstakingly describe all of Calvinism's tenets.
Now your talking converting to calvinism. That's just straight up blasphemy. Show me in the bible were it says that. 

Matthew 16:24 then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me

He didn't say convert to calvinism. Everybody knows John 3:16 whoever belive in me may have everlasting life. And your right about people twisting scripture. That's because they don't have the holy ghost to desern the word of God. 
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean. Calvinism isn't something you convert to, it's a set of doctrines within the Christian faith. So this is a differentiation between Calvinism and Armenianism that has nothing to do with putting your faith anywhere except in Jesus. I apologize if I said anything to communicate otherwise.

Edit- perhaps my use of terms like "believe" and "tenets"? Maybe "subscribe" and "doctrines" would be more accurate to my intended point?
Yea it's my fault like I said in the previous post I'm not familiar with calvinism. I knew a couple Armenian guys up in North hollywood. Bunch of crazys lol. I mean if you believe the same as a Christian then why not just call yourself christian? I'm still not convinced and would never call myself a calvanist. I mean there has to be a slight diffrence. Or else why would you call yourself something else? Look at catholics it's almost identical to Christianity. With the slight diffrence that they added a couple more book to the bible. And what they don't like they remove from the Catholic bible. I'm under the impression that calvinism Armenianism and catholics are pretty much the same. I'm just spit balling here
I see the point of confusion. Calvinism is not so much like a different belief, as much as it is a perspective on certain Christian doctrines. I would go so far as to say all Calvinists are Christians, and being a Calvinist just means they have certain opinions when it comes to things like free will and original sin. The basic truth that Christianity revolves around is that Jesus died for our sins, and belief in Him is the only way to heaven. If you don't believe that much, then you would be something other than a Christian. But then within Christianity, there are topics like free will that people have different opinions on and yet still are all Christians. And so, for example, part of the Calvinist perspective is determinism, meaning that God has laid out every action we take in advance, and also whether or not we choose salvation, so then you have the "elect", which is all the people that God has predestined to be saved from the start. The alternative to that view (or at least a major one) is that God has a basic idea of how things will go, but allows us a free choice of salvation that He does not control. Or something like that, anyway. I'm only somewhat familiar with the topic, and heck, I'm not even a Calvinist. But that's the gist of it. Being a Calvinist pretty much implies you're already a Christian, it's just a term to describe your way of thinking.
I c would of been easier if I had just Googled it from the begining. Haha sorry about that. So the diffrence is just believing in free will, predestenation, God's will. Ok. I belive because of Scripture. That everybody is chosen before there even born. You don't get to choose God. He chooses you.

John 15:16You did not choose Me but I chose you, and appointed you that you would go and bear fruit, and that your fruit would remain, so that whatever you ask of the Father in My name He may give to you

We have free will. Even angels had free will and look at what happened. Yes it's God will that you do whatever he allows you. But that don't mean he says get up and walk and you start walking. That's him allowing you to move. If it's not his will I'm telling you he will stop you. with this stuff you need reall spiritual awareness. Maybe the Lord will reveal it to someone or maybe not. Either way. This is not what Jesus Christ wants you to focus on. 
It's either would **HAVE** or would**'VE**, but never would **OF**. 

 See [Grammar Errors](http://www.grammarerrors.com/grammar/could-of-would-of-should-of/) for more information.
Perhaps, yes, but that's fine. And honestly, I pretty much agree with you on a lot of that. I think free will is very much preserved, especially from a practical point of view, but God still has a plan for each of us that is not diminished in power by our free will, but rather integrates it and invites us into following Him. And there is very much an extent to which the Christian life can be, and often is, well lived without inspecting these things in such academic detail. But there are times and places where it's a conversation worth having.
Thank you bot for pointing out on the post how dumb I am.
Philippians 2: 14-16
"Do everything without grumbling or arguing, so that you may become blameless and pure, “children of God without fault in a warped and crooked generation.” Then you will shine among them like stars in the sky as you hold firmly to the word of life."

I have a sign on my refrigerator at home that says, "No Whining." I'm convinced that people in the world are wanting to hear something different, something refreshing, something other than the same old thing that they hear every day, whining and complaining. I'm convinced that people want to see someone positive, upbeat, cheerful and friendly. Don't we hear enough whining and complaining on the news and from the people in the world who have no hope? If you call yourself a child of God, then be a child of God, live as a child of God, act like a child of God, reflect God. But for the Lord's sake, Don't whine and complain.



or arguing!
Here's an incredible sermon by David Ring called "[Thou shalt not bellyache](https://youtu.be/ARHssSIFEHg)". 

David Ring is a preacher and evangelist who suffers from cerebral palsy, but he won't allow that to stop him from serving the Lord.
Thankyou!!  Amen! That is a great sermon! Great example of God using what Satan meant for harm and God turning it into something good. That's exactly what I hope to be. ☺
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | David Ring - "Thou Shalt Not Bellyache"
Length | 0:46:17

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
I have wanted and tried to believe in God my entire life and just find that no matter how hard I try, how much I pray, how many times I go to church, constant and crippling doubt is still my baseline. 

Does anyone else feel this way all the time? I'm not talking about run of the mill doubts but consistent and overpowering to the point that I wonder if I'm really even Christian. 

My fiancé is extremely devout and I find it difficult to confide in him about this.
Doubt is going to be Satan's tool he uses to keep you from getting closer to God. I don't really know any ways you can grow your faith other than being put to the test. Maybe you're going to the wrong church, listening to the wrong teachers, or following the wrong ideology. Misguided teachings can really make you question everything. 

And you're not alone. I've had periods of doubt too. 
I go through phases like this. Not all the time, but I definitely understand where you're coming from. I don't have answers for you but you're not alone.
Doubt is normal and common, even among full time ministers. There is nothing wrong with having doubt. In fact, I believe doubt is good because it forces us to take steps either to a deeper search for knowledge so we can allay those doubts, or to deeper trust in God despite our doubts.

Having said that, I have not heard of this doubt being consistent and overpowering. What is it that distresses you about the doubt? Is it some kind of fear of hell, or fear of life being meaningless? What about the doubt makes it overpowering?
I have small doubts all the time, but if the doubt is so bad that you can't really feel God, you should probably try a church that is better for you, get more connected with others in bible study groups, pray with others more, and also just try to read the Bible and praise God more, even reading the Bible on your phone when you are bored helps. 
Jesus' death covers all sin, and doesn't turn away those who truly turn to him. You said sometimes you wonder if you're a Christian. To be a Christian literally means to be a little Christ. Are you walking in love, memorizing and studying scripture, and living every day with your main goal being to please God and do His will instead of your own? Saving faith is not just belief. It's belief and trust. Even the demons believe on God. Are they saved? No. You have to trust God and try your best to follow his commandments.
.
.
.

Here are some helpful next steps for you:
.

1. Pray and ask others to pray. If your fiance is very devout, you're going to have a difficult marriage if you're trying to hide something that big. If you tell them and ask them to pray for you earnestly, they can help you grow. You don't want to start your marriage hiding the truth. Honestly, tell everyone and anyone to pray for you. Prayer is extremely powerful.
.

2. Go and serve the body. We're all sinners, so working with other sinners that are striving to work for God is always encouraging. Ask the members of your church body why they love God, or why they're serving where they are instead of watching Netflix.
.

3. If you do trust God, or want to trust Him, read his word. The Bible is His word, it is truth. Read it for five minutes a day and work up from there. If you don't read his word, you're in jeopardy of putting God into your own box and basing Him on bits and pieces of what other people say. Then you believe in a made up God, and it's no wonder you don't trust that. Read God's word, and see what He says about himself.
.

If you start with these things, you will either have your faith strengthened, or it will become very clear where you stand before God. I hope that helped. If you have any questions, I would love to talk. Just drop me a message. 
What is the source of your doubt? For example, do you doubt the historical reliability of the gospels or is it more about the spiritual truth of Christ?
Thank you for those thoughts and for the reassurance. Maybe I should rethink what I'm doing. 
Thank you. Sometimes I feel like the only one
I guess it's because I feel pressured by my fiancé to be a perfect Christian. He's a little overpowering with how he talks to me about his faith at times but I know he doesn't make me feel that way on purpose 
Thank you. Maybe I need to rethink my current situation. 
Thank you so much for your thoughtful response. I will definitely consider taking those next steps that you suggested 
I would say it's more the latter.
This is the kind of thing that, if you do not address it now, will bubble up in the first few years of your marriage and endanger the entire marriage. I'm sure that he means well and has no idea he's putting this kind of pressure on you. Since you are planning on being married, this is the perfect opportunity to seek pre-marital counseling. See if your church offers this; if it doesn't, then find one that does. During pre-marital counseling, they will go over a lot of the things that cause trouble between newlyweds in an attempt to get you both to have those discussions now rather than be surprised by them when its too late; they will get you to discuss: differences of opinion on how to raise and discipline children, differences of opinion about money, expectations about sex, etc. You will be with a pastor or counselor who has counseled many other couples in the past and has dealt with these kinds of issues before, so it's a perfect opportunity to address the pressure you have been feeling. Make sure you bring this up during pre-marital counseling.
I was born Catholic and really became disenchanted with the idea of church and Christianity. In college, I majored in Religious Studies and have learned so much about various faiths and the historical changes and influences in religion that I'm at the point where it all just seems beyond belief- it all just seems like a construct of man. It's on the same level of me not believing in Hinduism or the ancient religions of Greece.

But deep in my heart I want to be a Christian. I want to feel the sense of community in a church. I have severe anxiety and depression and being able to feel like I'm not alone, and that I could reach out to God sounds so nice. 

I don't know if I'm looking for advice or just venting frustration but if anyone has any insight or advice for me, I would be so happy to hear it. 
[deleted]
I'd love to hear more about what it is about the history of Christianity that makes you think it is remotely similar to the ancient Greeks or to Hinduism. 

Have you looked at the historical evidence for the Resurrection? If the Resurrection is real, then it doesn't matter how many times and in how many ways the Church has messed things up, it's still real.
Hey cupcake, I am sorry to hear about the depression and anxiety, I was diagnosed with clinical depression 8 years ago and I sometimes get really bad anxiety so I know how it feels. I am a born-again christian, and I have found as my faith in Christ grows and as I depend on his more and more, my views on things have changed. And i know that in him I am found and find my rest. Personally being a christian has made everything that much easier. Like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I grew up catholic as well, but now go to a pentecostal as well as church of england. 
Thanks for sharing.

Listen to the voice and follow it where it leads. I don't know what that will look like for you. You may be led to deeper study. You may be led to scripture. You may be led to a big church with pews and a liturgy, or a small one with wild spirit-filled dancing, or maybe to a pub for a gathering with a small eclectic group of millenials interested in exploring spirituality. It sounds to me like you may be open to whatever God has to show you, so go for it...see where he leads.

I'll throw one resource out there since I think it's right up your alley given your interest in multiple religions:
http://www.brewtheology.org/
Please do not confuse doctrine for denim. Salvation is not about fit, it is about faith.
Hi Cupcake!
Sorry to hear about your struggles. Good on you for reaching out, even if it is just to vent.
Is there a church running Alpha near you? http://alpha.org/
It sounds like you miss the community a church can provide. I totally get that. If any church around you is running Alpha I'd strongly suggest you check it out. It's low commitment, intended for people who aren't in a church right now, and a great way to meet people and at least have the opportunity to join a community.

Alpha itself isn't Catholic, Protestant or any particular denomination. But it's great! And a great way to get connected with a church community if you choose to go down that path.

>But deep in my heart I want to be a Christian.

Why be any religion at all?
As a former christian, I can tell you that through faith and good music, I have experienced great empowerment, belonging and happiness. I don't know why, but it has left me recently. Probably my fault.
However, find multiple solutions first, before committing yourself to one. Browse maybe.
Catholicism is great at making people believe if they leave the Catholic Church they will go to hell- or at least my parish was. I get so much anxiety when I start looking at other denominations because of the little "what if" voice in my head. I really do want to try out other Protestant denominations. I have attended a few non-denominational services but I think I need to get out of the mindset that I'm doing something wrong. I hope that makes sense.
This is interesting, because I'm a Protestant on the road to possibly becoming Catholic partly *because* of the ritual. What I mean is that I really connect to and gain understanding from the symbolism of those rituals that are present in the Catholic Church. I grew up thinking ritual was restrictive, but now I'm finding a lot of comfort and meaning in it. 

To each his own, I guess :)
Thanks for your kind words. I am getting help- but the biggest thing holding me back is I have zero social life and I haven't for nearly 8 years. I always felt happiest in life when I had a strong network in my church growing up. I guess I just have the Catholic guilt when it comes to trying out other denominations- like I'm doing something wrong. How did you find where you belonged? 
Former Catholic turned non-denominational here. I wrestle with the notion that Catholics aren't saved, though I know quite a few people who would argue this point. However, I do believe that Catholicism is too heavily built upon man-made constructs in the way they place importance on Sacraments as works, as well as other rituals. I also think that many Catholic practices are warned against as false teaching in the Bible.

Regardless, what I'm really getting at here is to read the Bible. It's what led me away from Catholicism into non-denominational Christianity was reading the Bible (I started and suggest starting in the Gospel of John). It felt a bit weird at first, but it also felt like a weight was lifted, and I started to learn more and more about God through continued exploration through the Bible and Christian history, which is something I was never encouraged to do as a Catholic.
> if they leave the Catholic Church they will go to hell

This is such a ridiculous statement. It's like they believe that the "no one comes through the Father except through me" is about Rome, not about Jesus. 
I've been meeting with a nun recently to ask her about what the church *really* teaches, because I had a hunch that a lot of my ideas about the church were misunderstandings. I was right. 

I asked her precisely this. Who can go to heaven, according to official Catholic teaching? She told me that the only surefire way is through Jesus, but that the church won't go so far as to proclaim anything about those outside the church. Meaning...unless someone is utterly convinced that Jesus and Christianity is real and true and rejects him/it anyways, the Church won't say what someone's eternal fate is and that it's up to God to judge that person's soul. 

That's not to say particular parishes aren't preaching something contradictory to that, but as far as I know the Church as a whole doesn't accept the position that anyone who isn't Catholic is going to hell.
Hi Cupcake! I was born into Catholicism as well and finally decided to leave it for the fact that I desired to grow spiritually and Catholicism wasnt doing it for me. I now attend a non denominational church that teaches from The Gospel and it has led me to learn more than I ever did in Catholicism as well as increase my relationship with Christ. If you feel something tugging at you and possibly leading you away from Catholicism it could be God calling you to do pursue Him in a different Church where you can grow. I understand the guilt part because I felt that too, however, you dont owe the Catholic Church anything. As long as you are pursuing Christ and His truth there is nothing to feel guilty about you simply are trying to grow in knowledge and in a meaningful relationship with Him and thats what He wants. Good luck and best wishes! 
Growing up in the church we were always told that we can never truly leave the church because of our baptism. Our baptism in the Catholic Church holds us accountable to all the teachings of the Catholic Church no matter where we go in life - so if we leave and join a Baptist congregation it's not valid because God will know we're really Catholic. 

Basically let's say I join a denomination that allows birth control. Catholic teachings do not allow birth control so even if I join the new denomination and take birth control my soul will still have mortal sin on it (from taking birth control) because I've been baptized Catholic. Also, if I am baptized in the new denomination it will not be recognized by God because I was initially baptized Catholic and that can never be overturned by another religion.


You can see why I have trouble justifying belonging to any denomination... :/
I see your point. I am frustrated by the language of "baptized a Catholic". You weren't baptized a Catholic, you were baptized a Christian. You weren't baptized into the church, you were baptized into Christ. I know it isn't your language, I'm not criticizing you but the teachings you're talking about.
This actually makes a lot of sense. I've never heard it spoken that way before. The verbiage was always "baptized into the Catholic Church" but what the act is, is so much more. That brings a lot of peace to my mind thank you. 
I've recently been considering becoming Catholic, and the priest told me that my Protestant baptism is considered valid by the Catholic Church for exactly this reason (as long as I was baptized in an orthodox way, meaning in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit...Not sure I've ever heard a Christian baptism that wasn't but that's not really the point haha). Just wanted to point out that not *all* Catholics believe that kind of "baptized Catholic" stuff. Lots also believe that Protestants and Catholics are still all family in Christ.
Thank you. I'd like to clarify that I do not believe all Catholics are in the manner I'd described, either. I have several good friends who are Catholic, and they express their frustration with these patterns as well. I'd love to hear more about your journey toward Catholicism, though!
Well, basically I went to a few too many churches that felt really superstitious and self-centered. Prosperity gospel type stuff. I specifically want tradition and slow change because that means it's not just swayed by every passing cultural fad, and its beliefs have been formed over centuries by people who devote their entire life to building up the church and understanding theology, philosophy, history etc. 
Questions for God


Why hell?

Why not just some other realm that keeps non-believers separate from your followers without eternal flames causing some good and peaceful people to be forever in excruciating pain?

Why do good people have to suffer for struggling to believe in you when you insist on hiding.

Why does faith matter so much?

Is it because you are afraid we will rise up against you?

Why give us free will and then punish us for exercising it? 

Why the homophobia?

Why allow children to be born in environments that set them up for eternal damnation?

Why punish me for seeking truth when this world is full of manipulation and lies?

When children are raised to behead people in the name of their god whom they should never question, why would any truly righteous god punish me for questioning when so many words and acts of hate are displayed honorably in that god's name? 

Why is unquestioned faith held at such a high regard when that itself is the cause of the most evil in the world?


Edit: its been a couple days since i posted this and i am happy to see all the comments and personal messages. Thank you all. Its been a busy holiday weekend but I am about to start replying to the messages and will work on the comments as i have time. 

I hope this did not come off sounding malicious in any way because I asked these questions with 100% sincerity. At the time i posted i had been lying awake struggling to fall asleep. 

Reading some of the replies I realize that some of the questions came off as vague and unclear. I will do my best to clarify. 


---------- 

With hell i can understand a form of punishment necessary for sin. I understand that those who do not follow christ have not cleansed their sin. My ultimate question is, why does that punishment need to be a lake of fire for even the people who did their best to do good in the world and have a sense of spirituality but struggled to believe in the christian God.

Many people are born in places where they never hear of the christian God. Many are born in places where they are raised to believe in a different god that will also send them to hell for not believing. What happens to them?

I was raised by a pastor. I was taught that its wrong to question God. Nazis and isis are also taught not to question. That is why i brought up the unquestioned faith.

Homophobia was the wrong word. It wasn't even homosexuality as a sin that really concerned me specifically but more or less many sins that i have trouble understanding why they are considered sins if they dont really hurt anyone. 

Thanks again everyone
It sounds like you have been exposed to only one stream of Christianity, the more Calvinist reformed branch with an evangelical bend. The Christian tent is far bigger than that and the beliefs you seem to have an issue with are not present in all streams of Christianity.

I attended a presbyterian seminary and even there, despite its grounding in Calvin and Barth, the beliefs you are describing were not very common there neither among the faculty nor among the students.

Billy Graham once said:
"...and that's what God is doing today, He's calling people out of the world for His name, whether they come from the Muslim world, or the Buddhist world, or the Christian world or the non-believing world, they are members of the Body of Christ because they've been called by God. They may not even know the name of Jesus but they know in their hearts that they need something that they don't have, and they turn to the only light that they have, and I think that they are saved, and that they're going to be with us in heaven."

I think he was right. God welcomes you into the body of Christ based on your response to his call, whether or not you even know the name of Christ. Do a google search for Christian inclusivism to get some more exposure to other Chistian views.
I'm not God, but I'm a minister. I can answer some of these based on scripture.

>Why hell?

God is love. God is light. And where there is light, there will be darkness, a place where people willing flee to escape God's love. That is Hell.

>Why not just some other realm that keeps non-believers separate from your followers without eternal flames causing some good and peaceful people to be forever in excruciating pain?

Reality is not just about God's followers. We are **all** God's people. He created **all** of us. And he wants everyone to be reconciled to him. If someone rejects him, then that is their choice.

>Why do good people have to suffer for struggling to believe in you when you insist on hiding.

No one is truly "good". We have all sinned and fallen short of God's perfection. None of us truly "deserve" the salvation that God offers because of this, but he does regardless, through his sacrifice on the cross. We *must* accept it for ourselves, though.

>Why does faith matter so much?

God wants willing believers who love him from their hearts, not slaves who obey him out of fear. Our faith brings us closer to him in ways that fearful obedience never could.

>Is it because you are afraid we will rise up against you?

Any battles God is going to fight, he has already won. No, God is not afraid of us. He could *force* us to love him, but he wants the choice to be ours.

>Why give us free will and then punish us for exercising it?

See above. God does not want us to be his slaves. He wants us to have the ability to choose him or reject him. When we choose of our own free will, it is through our love for him, and not something we are simply programmed to do. We must, then, make the conscious choice not to sin against him, and if we do, to humbly ask for his forgiveness.

>Why the homophobia?

You may need to be more specific. Are you referring to the restrictions on homosexual behavior? God has ordained that sex is reserved for one, perfect union of one man and one woman for life. *Any other* sexual behavior is a mockery of what he designed.  Homosexual behavior was called out specifically in scripture because it is behavior that could not be redeemed to godly marriage the way that sex between an unmarried man and woman could be. It has a higher potential of disrupting God's design.

>Why allow children to be born in environments that set them up for eternal damnation?

Such as? You mean how some children are born into places without a Christian majority? The church sends missionaries all over the world to spread the Gospel. Plus, Christ said that we should be life children in our relationship with God, and I don't believe that God would reject anyone who lacked the capability to understand the Gospel, or who never had a chance to hear it.

>Why punish me for seeking truth when this world is full of manipulation and lies?

How has God punished you for seeking the truth? There is only one eternal Truth, and that is contained in God's word. You don't really need to seek farther than that. It's good to understand other faiths, but there is only one "correct" one.

>When children are raised to behead people in the name of their god whom they should never question, why would any truly righteous god punish me for questioning when so many words and acts of hate are displayed honorably in that god's name?

The "Allah" that Muslims are trying to please is not really the loving Father described in the Bible. God would never advocate violence against a non-believer in this way.

>Why is unquestioned faith held at such a high regard when that itself is the cause of the most evil in the world?

Unquestioning faith is the same as humble submission to God and his commands. The question comes down to: what do you do with your faith? Do you do as God commands and spread the Gospel, feed the hungry, and tend to the sick. Or do you decide, wrongly, that you will be a tool of God's wrath, and sinfully carry out violence in God's name. Our faith should guide us in ways God approves of. If someone claims to be Christian, but acts contrary to God's commands, then they aren't really Christian, are they?
>Why hell?

>Why not just some other realm that keeps non-believers separate from your followers without eternal flames causing some good and peaceful people to be forever in excruciating pain?

Fear is an extremely effective means of control.

>Why does faith matter so much?

>Why punish me for seeking truth when this world is full of manipulation and lies?

>Why is unquestioned faith held at such a high regard when that itself is the cause of the most evil in the world?

Another means of control. Declare blind faith as virtuous in an attempt to prevent questioning.

>Why the homophobia?

Bronze age tribesmen thought it was icky.

https://youtu.be/afloDCTwluY 

Watch and it will make sense trust it don't judge just watch and listen pls contact me when you finish 
Actually, the commandments are built so that you don't hurt anyone, jesus says, love thy neighbor, for when you love thy neighbor you fulfill all of my father's commandments, for love does not hurt, or steal, or cheat on one another, love is patient and kind.

Shall not steal, adultury, murder, I mean, the only thing I could give you, is homosexuality, because that's a big debate, but the rest are clearly written so that you do not give hate towards anyone, they're designed around love for God says hope, grace and love, but above all these, is love.

As for hell, it just depends, we go off of what God has written. And then the holy spirit interprets it to you, many believe that hell is like how you described. Listen, fire is used, many times, as a metapphor, and that's what it's used for in hell, hell is also called darkness, we'll how is it gonna be darkness if there all yhe light from the flames? It's metaphorical, you'll hir at for God and justice but it won't be delivered, I beElieve, God says they will continue to curse him, even in hell, so, we don't know, all we know is you shouldn't wanna go there.

Think of everything good in this world, that's heaven x10, same with all the evil and hell,that is my belief. We shall be divided just like the day and the night.

Hmm, he hides for faith, he is the God of hope. God says in the bible, for you do not hope for what you see, but you hope for what you do not see, therefore hope for my return one day so that you may build preserverance. Jesus also said, you believe in me because I have healed you, but blessed are those who do not see, yet believe.

God explains that, do not be like the Jews who seek for a sign, and do not be like the Greeks who seek wisdom, but be faithful, for blessed(happy) are those who keep the faith.

He is the almighty, the gods of the earth, or gods with a little g, are the ones who like dancing around like a monkey in order to get your loyalty, cause they want you to go with them. God made it clear in his writings, this is a weeding out process, the devil is literally a tool God uses to separate the sinners from the saints, and this is where you get false religion, because of god, for God said I shall confuse them, so that those of this world who think themselves wise, will seem like fools, and the meek and poor shall inherit true wisdom, through god. This is why the world is exactly the opposite of the true word of god, because the world is actually ran by fools and liars who care about none of us but themselves. While those with yhe true knowledge, get cursed at, and mocked.

Hmm, yes, its because he's afraid we will rise up, but he is not afraid for himself, but for us, from if we all rise up against him, he will have to destroy us all, for we followed the creature instead of the creator. The story of babylon, when God separated the languages because, with one universal language, people started getting too much done, too fast, so he slowed it down by making different languafes, and called the place the city of babyl. Why? Because it's for his overall plan, that only he knows.

Free will, well, there's a few reasons, one is, love cannot be forced, it's other he let's you do whatever you want and he will never have our worship afain, thus will have to destroy all of us, or he forces us like robots to worship him, that is not the God we serve. We serve the almighty, the God of very gods, his standards are perfection, and he says only by a man's will may he be saved, only if you willfully get on your knees and cry to him, will he listen. Why worship? Because that's your place, whether we like it or not, we serve. So choose now, serve the serpent, or server the God of peace and comfort, but if you think you can only serve yourself, you're living in a fools paradise. 

Homosexual acts are a sin, because sex is sacred, created by him, for a man and a woman, and to multiply and subdue the earth, as is written in genesis. I always tell people, God never said every man would be attracted to a woman, Paul says if you can't, don't marry, be like me, be celebrate for god. Nobody said you had to like women, but nobody has forced you to strip naked and have intercourse with another man, they chose to do that.

Because some children are born to help glorify god, may that be by doing gods work, or by blasphemies his work so he can make an example out of you. I don't know the full story, even God said pharaoh could've been saved, but the main course was, God brought pharaoh up, to showcase his own power through him, and that was by destroying Egypt reputation, and taking their slaves away (isrealites).

The Bible is called the book of truth, he is the God of truth, if you truly seek truth, why would you not start there? If you do enough research, you'll learn. Many Muslims are forced from birth to be muslims, same with many outher religions, Muslim woman once said if you could go and take the Muslims away, and teach them of the bible, without worrying about being killed for it, you'd convert just about any muslims you could find, cause the quran cannot explain us, like the bible can. Allah cannot put himself as high, as jehovah can.

---'.

Okay, second part, so God talks about the judgement, this judgement is reserved for both saints and sinners, separate judgements but we are all judged. Saints judged according to where in heaven they stand, and sinners in hell. God isn't daft, he wouldn't give the same punishment to a pedophile, also to the nicest man in the world who happened to not believe. (Btw, there are deathbed confessions for a reason). Hell is not just described as fire.

God said I will not return until my name has been preached in geode four corners of two hehe arth, he will not come back, until EVERYONE knows the name of jesus christ, and it's not long now, it seems mainly just jungle tribes who haven't heard of jesus now lol, and perhaps many muslims.

Well usually, you shouldn't question a god, Nazis followed nobody but man and demons, but in their head, it was only man. Isis is part of a violent religion, it is violent. It is context friend, instead of asking why the unquestioned faith, try looking for yourself, the Bible is right there, to put it plainly, that's called faith, and God also said who knows the soul of man, except for man? Who then knows the soul of the lord, except for the lord? Nobody, so who are you to question him? We're you hear when he laid the foundation of this earth, or when he lit up the sky with the stars (paraphrasing the bible, I'm not saying this to you lol)

Hope I could help.
I'll bunch a few questions in to this one answer and I'll go back and edit my comment to finish answering you since I'm on mobile.
When asking about heaven and hell, I don't think God's afterlife is so simple. I don't think if a person never had the opportunity to have God in their life then they go to hell. I feel like the bible is a general guide line but God handles things on a case by case basis. Humans just like to jumble everything up.

On homosexuality. Old testament is harsh but new testament doesn't really hate on gays. Story of Sodom and Gomorrah, well they had to be destroyed because men were going to gang rape angels, I think the punishment was for gang rape, not being gay. Also later when it says men shouldn't lay with other men, back around the time of Christ it was super normal for Roman men (and everywhere they influenced) to have orgies and group fondling with adolescent and pubescent boys. I #firmly believe the bible is referring to that and it got lost in translation.

Another note: everybody sins and Jesus loves everybody. Jesus only got angry one time and that was at people who were making money in the temple of God. Yes Jesus loves whores, alcoholics and gamblers, I'm sure he loves everybody in the queer spectrum too.

I think I can sum most of this up with this. If you view God as the ultimate authority and punisher then you're questions are going to be asking about how He could punish. I view God as the lover of his children and the ultimate nurterer. I don't think he punishes people as harshly as people punish people and that is a HUGE shift in perspective.

I don't think God tells powwow to have faith in what other people are doing, I think God tells people to have faith in their own logic and if you read the book and not just listen to people's interpretations then life gets a whole lot easier. Listen and literally follow what Jesus says, not some angry hate-monger, but Jesus who teaches us to love each other. Of course there's evil out there, that's obvious. If you choose to follow and not listen to what God's teaching you then you're doing it to yourself.

Edit: answering more topics.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/exchristian] [This guy's "answers" make my head spin. I hope OP finds what he's looking for..](https://np.reddit.com/r/exchristian/comments/6e10gg/this_guys_answers_make_my_head_spin_i_hope_op/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
>God would never advocate violence against a non believer in this way.

You're a pastor, and you've never read the old testament? It's full of stories where God razed whole cities to the ground because they didn't believe in him or believed in other gods. On some occasions he commanded the Israelites to go kill every man, woman, and child and take the virgin girls for themselves as sex slaves.
Can't edit, and so many typos, sorry xd
Prior to Christ's Salvation. 
  J.  
> You're a pastor

No, actually I'm not. But I am a *minister*. Big difference.

>you've never read the old testament?

I have, actually. And if *you* had read the OT, you would understand the context to the stories you are referring to.

The OT is essentially the story of the Jewish people, God's chosen people, the descendents of Abraham. They were charged with carrying the knowledge and truth of the one true God through history. They were told by prophets that they would one day deliver a Messiah, a savior from God. They *had* to survive.

But they were beset on all sides by other warring tribes and peoples who wanted only to destroy them or enslave them. This ancient world was brutal. There was no U.N., no Geneva convention: it was kill or be killed. So yes, God instructed the Jews on occasion to go to war with those around them. But those around them were just as likely to bring war to them.

So it wasn't about "killing unbelievers"; it was about survival. In truth, there are peoples mentioned who understood and feared the power of the "Israelite" God, and thus steered clear of them. They did not suffer God's wrath.

Also:

>take the virgin girls for themselves as sex slaves.

No. The Jews were sometimes instructed to make slaves (*servants*, really) of the people they conquered. This was opposed to just executing them. And yes, the Jews were instructed to take some virgins (the Midianites, in particular) as their *wives*, not their "sex slaves". This, again, was opposed to executing them. Women in that time had no power, no way to support themselves. They survived only through marriage. It all sounds harsh to our modern sensibilities, but again, these were **brutal** times. 
So you're saying God changes?
If God was able to give the Israelites power to attack conquer armies many times bigger than them, he could also have simply given them the ability to defend themselves as they peacefully made their journey. After all, he once made the sun stand still for his chosen ones. But over and over he commanded them to target cities that they probably could have traveled past. Simply, an all powerful god determined to bring his people to Canaan could do anything to defend them while they got there. 

Also, you're really going to say they took them as wives? These girls probably watched the soldiers kill their little siblings and mother right in front of them before being seized and dragged back to camp. Sure, they might have "married" them against their will. I definitely would consider it to be rape if I was forced to have sex for the rest of my life with someone who destroyed my entire family and life. They didn't consent, it was rape. 
> You're a pastor

> No, actually I'm not. But I am a minister. Big difference.

Not trying to be unkind, but people who make such a distinction are usually self-titled and have no authentic credentials. Pastors typically have attended divinity school and/or seminary and have gone through a rigorous ordination process -- though I admit to having met some pretty wonky people who call themselves pastors but couldn't exegete their way out of a paper bag.

Jesus was His plan all along. 
  J. 
> he could also have simply given them the ability to defend themselves as they peacefully made their journey

Read through the Old Testament. God does not often do things "simply". And more often than not, he wants us engaged with the work to be done, rather than performing some miracle.

>These girls probably watched the soldiers kill their little siblings and mother right in front of them before being seized and dragged back to camp.

It *was* brutal, yes. It was a brutal time. But considering the world as it was, what was the alternative? Execution? Too extreme. Let them go or just let them live among them? Remember, women had little to no power in those cultures. They literally had no way to care for themselves. They could not own property or attain wealth. For good or for bad, being yoked to a man was the best outcome of a bad situation. 

We have to be careful when examining ancient cultures, that we do not look at them through the lens of our own. The Bible, in the OT especially, is not trying to paint a picture of a perfect world. More often, it reports on the ugly state of the world and humanity. Ironically, it is this brutality and imperfection that underscored the need for the Savior who was to come.
> Pastors typically have attended divinity school and/or seminary and have gone through a rigorous ordination process

Perhaps. But pastors are specifically the leaders of churches. They are also typically preachers. There are a lot of us who go into ministry for other reasons besides preaching.

I am not a pastor. But I am an officially ordained minister. I did indeed go through a rigorous process to become ordained, and I do have authentic credentials. I can marry people, serve Communion, and even start a church if I so desire. I went into the ministry to teach and counsel. Others go into children's ministry, medical mission ministries, and so on. Quite a lot of us are unpaid volunteers of whatever church we attend. I was called by God to the ministry, so I answered.

>I admit to having met some pretty wonky people who call themselves pastors but couldn't exegete their way out of a paper bag.

I apologize if my post on an internet forum did not meet your standard for academic rigor. I only have 12 years of religious education followed by another 20 years of Bible study to back me up. One thing a lot of students and fellow Christians have told me, is that I was able to relate scripture to them in a very understandable way. My hope is to help save the lost, and help edify the saved. And forgive me, but I find that people who use the word "exegesis" tend to be too wrapped up in the grainy details of scripture. Not that this isn't important, but people often need real answers to real questions. They need others to come along side them an assure them of God's truth and grace. Scripture is supposed to be a warm blanket we wrap ourselves in, not a hammer to beat people with.
Its funny that you're side stepping my question. Either the bible is wrong and God changes; or else to this day, he condones and even wants his followers to wipe out entire cities for their unbelief and keep the teenage girls as sex slaves. Neither conclusion sounds like something or someone I want to dedicate my life to. 
Which brings me back to my original question, it seems that you agree that God changes with the times. Although the bible says God is unchanging, the same yesterday, today, and forever. That was the only point I was trying to make originally. 

Also, he performed miracles constantly throughout their journey to Canaan. The pillar of fire, the manna, the dead sea, the list goes on and on. 
> It was brutal, yes. It was a brutal time. But considering the world as it was, what was the alternative? Execution? Too extreme. Let them go or just let them live among them? Remember, women had little to no power in those cultures. They literally had no way to care for themselves. They could not own property or attain wealth. For good or for bad, being yoked to a man was the best outcome of a bad situation. 

Hello, we're talking about the actions of (supposedly) almighty god. If he can make the sun stand still indefinitely, if he can create plants before creating light, if he can tell people to practice bizarrely specific rituals involving killing doves and sprinkling the blood on your feet or cutting off part of your dick, then he can fucking well deal with the canaanite people humanely and teach bronze age people real actual good morals like 'women aren't property' or 'genocide is wrong'. 

But the jewish-christian god didn't do that - instead it commanded genocide after genocide along with extremely specific primitive blood sacrifice rituals, because it's the image of the primitive bronze age society that invented it. Deal with it. 
Please don't construe my comments as being in any way a critique of your exegetical skills or your Bible knowledge. In fact, I wasn't speaking of you, I was thinking of a self-proclaimed pastor in my hometown who is a nice guy but knows nothing about exegetics or even homiletics for that matter. I once heard him warn, as he was about to serve communion, that the congregation should make sure their hearts were right with God first. "After all," he went on to say, "Peter's heart wasn't right when he took communion and he wound up betraying the Lord and then committing suicide."

Anyway, props on your 12 years of religious education and 20 years of Bible study. I'm sure you handle the scriptures admirably. Again, no offense intended.
mwatwe01 has really already answered this question. (Above) 
 I keep my answers short because I'm on a mobile and it takes forever to type out. 

 "Teenage girls as sex slaves" yea, I couldn't find that / those verse(s). 
 
 If you are truly interested, I would offer hitting up a Christian church and have this conversation in person - not an email app. 

  G. 
> it seems that you agree that God changes with the times.

No, I don't. What's clear is that God's *relationship with humanity* has changed. The Jewish people were under a particular covenant: to be God's people and to one day deliver the Messiah. Christians (and really all of humanity) are under a new covenant: be reconciled to God through that Messiah.

>Also, he performed miracles constantly throughout their journey to Canaan. The pillar of fire, the manna, the dead sea, the list goes on and on.

He certainly did, but these were honestly small in comparison to wiping out an invading army. Those battles were often a test of the Israelites' faith, too. There are several examples where the Israelites doubted God's power, and then lost a battle. This taught them to always have faith in God, and not rely solely on their own prowess.

*And* the miracles he performed *still* required action. God left manna for them, but they had to collect it, rather than having it land at their feet. God split the sea, but they had to escape across, rather than God just making Pharaoh's army magically disappear.

It still applies today. God can grant us eternal life, but we still must humbly accept him and ask forgiveness.
>  then he can fucking well deal with the canaanite people humanely

What do you propose he do to the Canaanites? Make them nice people who never attacked anyone? Make them get up and leave the Promised Land? That's a violation of free will. God doesn't really wave a magic wand when it comes to dealing with people. The battles the Israelites were often a test of their faith. If they relied on God, they were victorious. If they strayed from him, they were often defeated.

> teach bronze age people real actual good morals like 'women aren't property' or 'genocide is wrong'.

The Bible is full of good morals, but they don't often jive with modern sensibilities, including the role of women. If a husband was truly kind and loving, then there was technically no issue with how women were treated *in that time*. I am **not** advocating for women being treated a second class citizens, but God is not overly concerned with our economy or all our social constructs. 

And you call it genocide, but in reality we are talking about a large tribe (extended family, really) who were *bent* on the destruction of these outsiders, the Jews. But the Jews **had** to survive, by any means necessary. As I've said elsewhere, it sounds brutal to us in 2017, but that was what was required.
> "Peter's heart wasn't right when he took communion and he wound up betraying the Lord and then committing suicide."

Then in all honesty, someone needs to say something to him, another minister or pastor, preferably. One thing ministers are charged with is holding one another to account and not allowing heresy or just blatant mistakes to be preached as truth. Also in all seriousness, I wonder if this guy is not suffering from some form of early dementia.

It's also up to the congregation to test the words of their teacher and hold them to account, and not just take everything they hear as truth.
Numbers 31:18.
Yea, there is nothing about sex slaves in that verse or the context of the chapter. 

  From this and other threads, it's obvious you're more looking for an argument than sincere answers.  

  My previous statements stand. 

I sincerely pray the Lord would touch and ease your heart. 
  G. 
I'm not looking for answers, I'm stating what is in the bible. "17 Now kill all the boys. And kill every woman who has slept with a man, 18 but save for yourselves every girl who has never slept with a man." 

What else would it mean by "save the virgins for yourselves"? Why only them in particular? Even if it was just for regular slavery, that would still be wrong. 

I feel as if God is placing this on my heart to share.
I am currently in 11th grade and as the school year comes to an end I would like to share a story. Through the months of June and July I had a very close best friend, she was an amazing person to be around and she truly had a part of my heart. We were friends for about a year and a half and we would literally talk all day and it seemed so perfect. but unfortunately we had an issue where we had to stop talking. As soon I found out we were no longer able to to friends I had the most horrible heart ache I've ever felt, I didn't see it at the time but a season of hurt, weeping an sadness was to come. For the months of September all the way till January I was in constant hurt over the fact I had to let go of something I loved, but during this I tried testing my faith, I fasted, prayed, prayed and prayed but I was yet to see an outcome in those 5 months. This sadness I was going through just sucked and it truly made me lose hope for some reason. Now, during this season one of my old friends seen that I was hurting and he invited me to youth group the following Wednesday, as the day came I showed up late due to baseball practice and when I arrived to this church I suddenly felt a presence of peace and love, I would still go on to hurt tho for the next 4 months. I questioned and asked why am I still hurting even tho I am attending church and youth, but I was on and off I'd go one Wednesday then miss then miss and go the following and so on. But as soon as January came God was starting to show more of him, he started allowing little things to happen, in march I decided to take a big step in faith and get baptized, then in April I stepped out of my comfort zone and decided to perform with the Easter choir. But that's not all, I made a full surrender to him and I laid down my will and picked his up. I made this surrender about 2 weeks ago and I received this peace I have been asking for. The moral of this story is a true love story about perfect love that will never leave but just keep increasing, their is only one downside and that's giving something up that you truly love just to experience the amazing love that God has for us and it's truly a miracle, when God does miracles he does miracles and it is something incredibly life changing and it's something I'm still progressing on each day. If you are hurting, God will turn that hurt into love and peace. But in time, being in the flesh makes us inpatient and this could lead to a horrible lifestyle. Be calm and remember that the hurt lasts for a little bit but what's to come is even more better than what you endure during a season of sadness or a storm. God is still working in me as I type this ! Amen (:

It is heartbreaking when a love doesn't work out, or when you lose a close friendship/relationship.

As an Atheist I don't have a solution to this human suffering problem, other than art/music, and mainly sharing your story with other people to share the burden, offer emotional support.  [ I do think science can remove a lot of human suffering, through medicine saving lives etc ] 

I am quite moved by the ideal of unconditional love that Jesus promoted, but I feel most humans, including myself, aren't able to live up to this ideal - if you love someone deeply it is incredibly hard to let them go and find love elsewhere.

I hope you can take some comfort in doing good deeds, in sharing your story with others, and look forward to finding the perfect life partner.
u wot m8
Amen.
Thanks man! I love the fact you approached this post in a mature manner, and didn't harass it with hate comments ! But I agree man, and honestly I feel like you somewhat have an idea of who God is, deep down inside you believe. Don't deny man ! I pray that things will be great, if it is the Lords will!! And I pray that you turn to him! God bless man!! (: 
The Scriptures teach that if you are troubled and you are in need of serious prayer and help, it will all depend on how much you personally believe prayer will work. **This is Faith**, how strong is your faith in the Lord? How much time do you spend with Him in reading His Word and in Prayer and communication with Him?

Is God just some overlord high above you that you rarely speak to? Or is He personal and like a friend that you speak to all the time?

* **Proverbs 18:24**) "*A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.*" -- (this is talking about God)

What is prayer to you? And do you believe that if you pray about a thing or for a thing God will do it?

#Please read [[John chapter 14](https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/John-Chapter-14/)] first before reading this message any further. (-online link provided for those without a Bible-)

-------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------

With all of that said, and assuming that you have read John 14, you will see that it simply all relies on Faith in Christ. Faith that what you ask will be answered, Faith that Christ is real to you, Faith that Christ is more powerful than any problem we may have, and Faith that all will be answered and provided for. 

* **Matthew 7:7-8**) "*Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.*" 

This is talking about asking of God. Simply ask.

#But -

Daniel prayed and prayed and prayed and it took a very long time for an answer to come, and why? An angel came to him and explained why -

* **Daniel 10:12-13**) "*Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words. But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.*" 

The demons are able to fight against the Angels and delay the answer of your prayers, for the reason of hoping that you will stop praying and become discouraged and thus think that God will not answer you. The "*Prince of Persia*" is a Biblical picture of the devil in this passage.

Also, depending on the severity of the issue, one may need to Fast and Pray. Fasting actually strengthens your spirit and your prayers, and it aids in strengthening your Faith. Somehow, no idea how exactly, but Fasting actually works on a spiritual level and builds up ones Faith even stronger, and your prayers are more powerful with God. It shows one's fervency, zealousness, sincerity, and seriousness in their belief in the Lord and God takes notice of it. Fasting also hardens you against the ways of the enemy, it strengthens your will, heart, and mind against sin and aligns you with God's will and ways. 

So, how to defeat the enemy or overcome a serious issue? ***Start Praying and don't stop until you get an answer***. 

* **1Thessalonians 5:17**) "*Pray without ceasing.*"

Believe that you will get an answer, have faith. If you are praying and not really believing that God will answer, this is an insult to God of one's unbelieving prayers, and *God will not answer such an insulting prayer*. It's called being "double-minded", praying but not believing.

* **James 1:6 -8**) "*But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord. A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.*" 

~God Bless
Edit: Also what apps would you recommend a Christian who starting to do the online dating scene?
No issues. I wouldn't use Tinder or another app that's more specifically geared towards "hook ups" rather than dating, but I don't see anything wrong with using an app. 
My fiance and I are both Christian and we met online on  a site called Bumble. I think its a great place to met people. Just be honest on your profile what your beliefs are and only add people who also express a similar faith. 😊 Best of luck to you!
They're only a tool, what you do with them is up to you. 

I would say OkCupid is one of the better ones. Match feels like a scam. Tinder / Bumble / Happn / POF never did much for me. 

Ultimately I met my likely future wife through a girl I became friends with via OkCupid. 
I will also say that Bumble is one of the more modest ones. It's where I met my girlfriend whom I've been dating for almost a year. The thing about Bumble is is men can't interact with women unless she opens the conversation up by engaging the man first. In my opinion this weeds out a lot of guys who are there for a quick score. 

I speak from experience, because before I lived a life of obedience, I actually joined Bumble to find a hookup, and reverted back to Tinder after the slow pace. Of course, later when I was looking for a wife, patience was everything. Good luck! :)
I don't see any problem with it. Just be sure to hang out a while to see if there is real chemistry before you commit to something. 
My husband and I met on OkCupid. I enjoyed that site because it makes you answer a lot of questions and it makes you think about what's important to you in a relationship. It's not just a swipe right, swipe left.
Of course there are also people using it for searching partners for one night, but you can ignore them. 

There are a few nice people out there using it. It just takes patience to find them. 

When using OkCupid I would recommend though to not shy away from the sex questions. Even if they are really strange, it helps you filter out the people who are into BDSM, threesomes and open relationships...

I was on a Christian site for a while as well, btw, but that is just as difficult. They might not have the great matching system and only because it's Christian doesn't mean you get nice people. There are trolls on there, there are Christians who are also into open relationships, there are Christians who whine about what great sinners they are and basically are searching for a counsellor not a partner. It might make you really frustrated with Christianity.
I haven't tried it but I don't believe there are any sort of spiritual implications. If you are out to meet other people who want to date, it's a worthwhile tool to look into.
I would be very wary of dating sites. They are trying to force something that should gore naturally. Also I see them as being impatient with God, it's like saying God is taking too long to bring someone into my life normally so I'm gonna help him along.

I understand the argument that God might be bringing someone into your life through a dating site. In the end it's your choice and your interpretation of what God wants for your life.
Thanks, so follow up question what apps would you recommend if you're barely starting into the online dating scene? And is secular apps better than Christian apps?
It has nothing to do with helping God along. For some people it's easy to meet people "naturally". But for many it is not. The times were you met your future husband or wife at a dance party are over. Today you go dancing and only find people who just want to have sex. :(

I also met my husband online, and that was divine intervention, a miracle. I was not helping God along. There would have been no other way to meet my husband than online, because we lived in two different countries.

That "helping God along" argument is really not working. If you need a job, do you also just sit and wait for someone to offer you a job or do you actively search for one?

Speaking of which, in the OT they still send servants out to find a wife for their son. That's also not very "natural".
I'm not the one to ask honestly. I didn't like online dating but a friend convinced me to try Bumble. I was only on there for a week before finding my guy. Lol. I agree with the other people posting. Some apps are more known for hookups but it's just a tool. Be smart with how you make your profile so people know you're serious. 
I would like to clarify that I wasn't condemning the usage of dating websites. I can completely understand how, for some, they would be a useful tool and God may well work in their lives through them.

I was merely pointing out that there is a risk with turning to dating websites that one is being impatient, and quite possibly looking for the wrong thing in a relationship.

I see relationships as something that should honour God and also grow the 'participents' in God. Dating websites tend to be aimed as just trying to find that person who you enjoy spending time with over that person who will help you out in your walk with God. Assuming the desire of the user is in line with God then the usage of a dating website is fine, but to reiterate what I said before, use carefully and cautiously.
Well, the same could apply to interaction in "real life". There is nothing special about dating sites. You chat with people and if you get along, you might start skyping and then meet up.


People don't tend to walk around and meet new people and instantly start rating them as datable or not in 'real life'. It's a very different context.
They definitely do. Particularly at church singles' groups, or bars.
Some people just go to church to check out women and men. Some men always look on the ringfinger first...
I still think it is a different context. Even if people do they would still start by just meeting people and talking to them whereas dating sites are specifically, let's talk in prep for whether we should date. You never, or at least rarely, get people on websites who just chat and remain friends. They either date or stop talking. Seems unhealthy to me. However, as with all things in life, the way you view it is going to be based on your opinion.
Some men aren't living in a Christian way...
That is because you don't use it to talk to members of the same sex and it is also uncommon in real life to have several friends of the other sex that only you know and are not part of a greater circle of friends. 

I had a male friend in my youth group, he often chatted with me, he came over and we played video games. I fell for him and thought he liked me because he sometimes made compliments and always continued writing me messages, and we talked about very private things. When I confessed, he told me he does not feel the same, but we could remain friends. Needless to say, that friendship lasted two weeks after that and then we stopped talking as well. 

It has to do with yourself how you look at people online and treat them. It's not the platform's fault. But I am not recommending Tinder, because it is so superficial.

I would only recommend OkCupid because of my good experience.

Wow, this has helped me further cut the gap I feel with the lord after my brother Joel died thank you I shall never forget the benefit and effect of this. 

Good bless


That's so rad! I'm going there for my honeymoon in June

Before anyone answers, you appear to be a brand new Reddit account with no history whatsoever. I'm wary of those who would come in and mock the deeply held beliefs and intimate experiences of those who frequent this board. Why would you like to know about our experiences? Would you like to share one of yours?
Not sure if this counts. But when I'm studying the Bible, or praying, or something happens in my life and I discover something mind blowing! It's usually something along the lines of how awesome God is and how much He loves us. It never gets old, I keep rediscovering it. It's the most amazing feeling to feel, feeling God. 

E: I mean it definitely counts, I just don't know if that's what you were looking for. 
I had something happen to me that was 100% supernatural and all God, no doubt. I was 19, and it was about a year since I have given my life to the Lord. I was at Walmart and felt the Lord was telling me to purchase a specific gift for a family member. I didn't have enough money for this gift because I needed to make sure I had enough for my car payment. I walked around the store with it, second guessing "God's voice"... And ended up putting it back on the shelf. I ended up going back to pick it up because I just couldn't shake what the Lord was telling me to do. I bought the gift and checked my account after and saw I was short 80 bucks for my car payment, which was due that day. I asked the Lord to provide supernaturally because I needed to meet that bill . When I got home I checked my account again and I miraculously had 80 dollar more than what I started off with before buying the gift. I will NEVER forget that. All god. And turned out that gift was exactly what this person wanted. 
[deleted]
[Apotheosis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvfH9RxZVr8)
I have none. That is why would like to hear someones. I think faith is not to be made fun of, and i won't be doing that. I am a christian and a catholic but i have not been a very good one. I have never been a bad person, but i definately have places to improve.
It definately counts, and i am looking for any bit of an experience that is Godly. Thank You!
That is truly amazing. Thank You for sharing this with us.
lol
Thank You! Amazing
OK no sweat. Thanks for your honesty.

What do you mean by Godly? I mean, I'm married, and marriage is definitely from God, so that's pretty godly, but I kind of doubt that's the experience you're looking for
A moment, when you definately felt his presence, or some kind of a smaller wonder that happened to you. Perhaps if it is personal or intimate, you don't have to write it down. I really would like to believe in God, but the Bible and the Catholic church are not enough unfortunately. 
I had a particularly strong encounter when I was 16 where I felt God tell me I would be going into ministry. It literally knocked me back into my chair, though I didn't lose consciousness or go into a trance or anything like that. 

Sensing God is absolutely a question of our listening, not of His being there. I mean, He's omnipresent, right? I do feel like I have small encounters with God regularly, but they feel like little peeks. Like a crack has opened in the world around me and Heaven is streaming over me, just in that tiny bit. Because of the way I connect with God, this tends to be around the Scriptures, sermons, or thinking about and discussing theology. It is very difficult to describe what encounter God feels like, but I can safely say that it is a good thing!
Thank You! I really appreciate your answer.
Happy Easter, and hope you have a good one!

Don't forget to go to church.
Thanks for the well wishes. Today and every day people need to come to Christ. It's the holy days such as these when it is more apparent that Jesus wants you close to Him. He is risen and us with Him. Let's celebrate always. 
Don't forget to come to church every other Sunday either. 
Haha, Amen 
I don't mean after you sneeze, I mean as a greeting at church or something. I never know if I should say "thank you" or "you too" or what! 
"Please, no, you will start a fire"

I'm starting to get annoyed when people say it after a sneeze. 

It's literally a superstition, and Christians seem to just fall over eachother to "bless" one another after someone sneezes. 

Can someone make me feel like this is less inane?
Thank you, I am blessed. 
"She already has, thank you" 
I always say, "Amen, you too"
Almost all human interaction is painfully inane.
That's why my hubby never says bless you. I
Explain that it is like saying good luck, and the origin of that. 
Did you just die?
It is nothing like saying good luck.
She wouldn't have written "argh", she would have just said it!

Maybe she was dictating!

What can I say, but... Beautiful.  Wonderful.  Thought provoking. 

I absolutely love the video.
do share and support. God bless you
Howdy everybody, does anyone know if there are any Christian discords out there. If so might I be able to join. I've been looking for people to debate my beliefs with. Anywho, thanks for the replies and an inv would be appreciated.
Discord is an app in which people can chat about many different topics. Although it was created for gamers. In any case, I was looking for a discord chat in which share and listen to other people's beliefs and debate with people wether they are Christian or non-Christian.
Discords?

Do you mean debate-focused subreddits? If so, do you want to debate "against" Christians, or debate "as" a Christian against non-Christians?
https://discord.gg/tV7R3
https://discord.gg/christian
Check out r/Christianity they have one there
Discord is an app in which people can chat about many different topics. Although it was created for gamers. In any case, I was looking for a discord chat in which share and listen to other people's beliefs and debate with people wether they are Christian or non-Christian.
Discord is a voice chat program
The Instant invite is invalid or has expired 
Head over to /r/TrueChristian, there is a link to it on the sidebar I believe. 
Today, at church, I was hit with a horrible panic attack. I worked so hard to get rid of them, and haven't had one in about a year, I don't know what sparked it. While it wasn't very intense, I am still shaken up about it, and driving home I felt my chest pounding and was dealing with some serious vertigo. Please pray for me that these panic attacks are not coming back, I seriously do not know what will happen to me if I have to deal with them again. I'm scared. 
Do not be afraid, God is with you always.

http://www.biblestudytools.com/topical-verses/fear-bible-verses/
Do not be afraid! God is with you
Thank you :)
Don't use your words to describe your situation, use your words to change your situation

Proverbs 6:2
you have been trapped by what you said, ensnared by the words of your mouth.

It is very tempting to vent your frustration but by continuously talking about the problem, you give it life! 

Stop talking about mediocrity, not finding love, how you're are not gonna get well, or you won't pay off your debt.

When David had to face Goliath, negative words could have kept him from the taking the Rock and bring him down. He felt fear but he spoke faith.
When you face giants like Goliath, prophesy victory in your life

If you keep calling in defeat, you can talk yourself out of your destiny because negative talk can bring negative results

Do me a favor, when you wake up in the morning say:

God has a way
Favor is coming
Increase is coming
You can do all things through Christ (Philippians 4:13)
My cup will run over



This was beautiful and just what I needed.  Thank you! :)
Well said. This is an article I think you would like: https://matthewcailesonline.com/2015/11/04/watch-your-mouth/?frame-nonce=8875466d95
Good! :)
Whether it's through a tragic car accident, a ruptured brain aneurysm, cancer? Or ANYTHING THAT'LL KILL ME?! Why won't god just answer this one prayer of mine? Doesn't he want me to be happy? Isn't he a god of love? Does God know that he's putting me through EVEN MORE SUFFERING BY KEEPING ME HERE? If he is a god of love, why would he want me to suffer? WHY DID HE DECIDE TO GIVE ME SUCH A HARD LIFE TO LIVE. WHY ME?! DONT tell me "this just shows how little your faith is" or "you need to have faith that god will make everything alright.. and he will" or the worst of all "UR here for a reason". I don't understand why GOD can't just do me ONE SIMPLE DAMN favor and just let me die. I'm too much of a coward to kill myself. It would devastate my parents and I don't want to put them through the pain of having to mourn their dead daughter. I'm not 100% sure I'll end up in heaven in gods arms where I wish to be, if I were to commit suicide. If I knew for sure I would go to heaven after killing myself, I would have already been dead by now. But I DONT KNOW. I DONT KNOW WHERE ILL END UP AND THATS WHAT TERRIFIES ME. What if christians DO get to heaven after committing suicide?? Then IM HERE SUFFERING wasting precious time doubting my chances 

I JUST DONT WANNA FEEL THIS WAY ANYMOTE. I want god to tell me why he won't answer this one simple prayer of mine and why the hell he likes to see me suffer and cry and hurt IS THIS TOO MUCH TO ASK?? TOO HARD FOR GOD TO TAKE MY LIFE FROM ME? 


I will be praying for you. I was diagnosed schizophrenic and depressed. 

I begged God to kill me. 
I never thought things would get better. But it did. 

I'm now almost completely back to normal.

Trust in Him 
He's with you

"In all our distress, He too was distressed" Isaiah 63:9
That's not how it works. God has a plan for you already, you might not understand how there could possibly be any good plan but there is. You should pray and ask for understanding and wisdom. 


Also read the bible, even if you don't get it, just read and you should feel a lot better. Trust me that I have been there and would have never imagined things would be the way they are now but God had it all planed for me the whole time, just like he does for you.


Don't let Satan get his way, It's very likely that he's a big contributor of these depressing thoughts you're having. Plus you don't want to die, think of what you could do with your life. You could help others in so many ways and do so much!


Trials and tribulations make us come out stronger. Have faith in him, he wants you too! Trust and commit to him and he can take away all your worries and be your best friend. 


Why do you want to die, child?
Maybe you wouldn't get into heaven if you died right now so He's protecting you like a good Father would.? I don't know you so please don't think I'm judging you. It's something I've thought about many times for myself. 
If you are a Christian he has a plan for you here.  You have orders, solider.   It's hard, but get to your feet and accomplish them.  Just start moving; he will guide you. 

Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight.

Proverbs 3:5-6

If you really wanna feel better read Ecclesiastes.  It was written by Solomon the wealthiest and smartest man who ever lived.   And he came to the same conclusion you did.  The answer is that life IS meaningless outside of God.  He gives life purpose and meaning.  

Now, get up, take up your weapon (the word), strap on your armor, take up your shield of faith, and fight for Christ.  

We need you now more than ever.  The world is growing dark.  God has chosen you to light it in these last days!
Will you message me why? Please?
Know that God does love you, which is why he gave his Son for you, as stated in John 3:16. I'm sorry that you have a lot of pain, but know that Jesus, through his life on earth, knows exactly what you are going through and is your ever-present guide. He can give you strength if you ask.

I would recommend reaching out to someone, a counselor, a trusted one, and telling them what you are feeling. Often God speaks to us through another person, and they could help you and encourage you through this trial. 

I'll be sure and pray for you. Don't give up hope. God is there, even if you can't feel him, and he loves you.
At least you have parents that love you and would mourn for you. Some people don't even have that.

I don't know why you are so depressed. Is it just the pain of being a teenager? That goes away...

You can always ask a professional for help. It would help us to actually know what is causing your suffering though.
Yep here's the worst of all - you are still around for a reason

I believe god can call any of us home at any time for any mysterious reason

I know of a top christian teacher who was called home at the peak of his influence.. doesn't seem to make sense

The fact that you haven't been yet could mean god is allowing you more time for some purpose, or there is still work to be done

My life isn't hard by world standards but lazy me would still prefer to die and go to heaven right now but what about our job of preaching the gospel? You know people I haven't got any shot of reaching
Prayed for you.
https://youtu.be/n7IHU28aR2E

What is it in your life that has you wishing God would end it?
Why do you assume that I'm a teenager? 
>[**The Four Horseman - Hitchens, Dawkins, Dennet, Harris [2007] [117:15]**](http://youtu.be/n7IHU28aR2E)

>>Full 2 hour discussion, porn for the mind.

> [*^CaNANDian*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPEUqiyRTZEtWGErELgYXYw) ^in ^Education

>*^1,381,207 ^views ^since ^Jul ^2012*

[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
so r u a teen
The reason most assume it's teenagers is because currently we are the most known demographic for having suicidal urges.
Some things I've noticed in your post:
1.God will probably let you die, but not yet. I know for a fact that he wants you to understand what living is, first.
2.God went through suffering so that you can arrive at the realisation that peace and healing come from a relationship with him where you put yourself and your flesh aside and let him teach you. It's not a five step program and you're not going to be hearing his voice overnight, it takes time. I should know, I've spent months praying, setting time aside for him, and thinking about him in just about everything I do. He's just started to speak to me in the past few years actually, and it's been brief but sensational.

3.Why did he decide-What makes your life so awful? Is it God, the very fact that you are alive, or...? How about the other factors that are a RESULT OF PEOPLE LIVING WITHOUT GOD?

Just some food for thought!
I'm in my second year of college. I have a lot of anxiety and depression, with a long background of trauma and I posses a diagnosis of about 3 disorders. I'm on medicine, but it has been giving me terrible side effects and my doctor wants me to wait it out. I've had friends that I talk to once in a while but now I've realised we are a lot more different than I thought. The only thing we have in common is that we are Christian. I have a hard time getting close to and relating to people. My therapist literally has told me that she's stuck and doesn't know what advice to give me, which doesn't makes things any better. My family back home? Single unemployed mother with depression who does not want to get help and has basically given up on life, and a little sister. Me? I'm trying to get help since I admit I cant do this myself. (I'm about to withdrawal from the semester while still living on campus so I can focus on getting better). The person I talk to the most is my ex, who is now a friend. Even he has pulled back. Not because he dislikes me. He does care but​ just has a lot to get currently done this year. I have a hard time talking to females especially. I'm not interested in a group of female friends. Believe me I've tried, but then things get uninteresting. I just wear cheap red lipstick instead of putting on a full face, I like listening to loud vocals and heavy guitar instead of top 40 pop hits and so on and so forth. Also with the fact that my dad was barely around, so its reasonable that I'm drawn to the company of males in their 20s. I've been told I'm attractive, intelligent, kind, and posses a good sense of humour. But right now I feel like im letting it go to waste. There's this guy who seems interesting and who thinks I'm attractive, I texted him and it just came out way wrong and I came off as clingy, crazy and submissive and now I feel like I ruined it. So that completely lowered my self esteem. I know I'm not different. The world is a big place, the campus is a big place. But I'm struggling to find people who I can truly connect to. Spiritual wise, I've been christian for a year. It doesn't matter what I've been through, God is good either way. I still read and pray my bible every day. I still worship and call him good. I tell Jesus to take my burdens. But he knows I need physical connection, that is why he made Eve for Adam. So why is he making me wait so much? It hurts.
God loves you. He died for you, even though compared to Him we are nothing. He saved you from an eternity of misery and promises everlasting love and peace with Him in His Kingdom. I think the Holy Spirit is active in you, and throughout this journey with God, remember that it is only Him who can deliver joy and hope. When I am stressed or simply looking for God's Word, I randomly open my Bible to a page and read or google search an image of Bible verses about anything (ex. "God and creativity Bible verse) Verses of the Day also help me, so maybe they will help you too. 
Promise not me but God something; whatever you decide to do from here on, do it with total faith and trust in the Lord. 
Galatians 6:9, Philippians 4:6-7, Romans 12:12
>  There's this guy who seems interesting and who thinks I'm attractive, I texted him and it just came out way wrong and I came off as clingy, crazy and submissive and now I feel like I ruined it.

Don't overthink it. The more you analyze, the harder it is to get a read on people and know what you need to do. 

Don't believe me? [Check it out.](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/10/121030161416.htm) 

>  I'm struggling to find people who I can truly connect to.

Yeah, it's not easy. People are afraid to let down their guard, these days, and trust is hard to come by. But remember, most of the people you see are more worried about how they're doing. Don't judge them by their social masks, and don't obsess about doing all this on a schedule. Learn to let a situation breathe and be it's own thing, and sometimes, you'll be amazed at what grows organically. 

> But he knows I need physical connection, that is why he made Eve for Adam. So why is he making me wait so much? It hurts.

Because a healthy love must be more than an addiction. You need to be right for each other, if it's going to last, not just a "right now" solution.

I know it's not easy, but I was where you are, once. You can make it past this. I may not be a Christian - apologies for that - but I do believe in you. 
Hey! I'm a junior in college. Something that worked really well for me is finding a student ministry to go to, and getting plugged in with a small group through that (and/or a local church). If you don't already go to one, I'd recommend looking for Intervarsity, College Young Life (one I'm in), Cru, Real Life, Navigators, or Every Nation Campus (also in). I'm not sure how global they are, but I think those are the most likely to be at your school (purely by guesswork). The peeps above already posted some good Bible stuff so I'll just leave my two cents at here :)
You should avoid the Jew book and love Christ as God in flesh if you want to be a Christian.  The [Jew book is significantly evil lies.](http://imgur.com/a/FFGjJ)

I'm [God in flesh](http://imgur.com/a/nySRR), but [I can't grant you three wishes or anything](http://imgur.com/a/WoNg1) - that's just a bunch of [hoaxes the Jews made up about God](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_who_have_been_considered_deities#Imperial_cults) to justify raping, mass murdering, and plundering for their personal gain at the cost of their souls.

On Earth anyone can write down anything.  ["It is the word of God that Moses is a liar and always has been."](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John+8%3A41-45)

*Their chief is blind; because of his power and his ignorance and his arrogance he said, with his power, "It is I who am God; there is none apart from me." When he said this, he sinned against the entirety. And this speech got up to incorruptibility; then there was a voice that came forth from incorruptibility, saying, "You are mistaken, Samael" – which is, "god of the blind."* - Hypostasis of the Archons (~300 AD)
Thank you so much for the honesty and the detail. Much appreciated. Any advice on the guy I texted?
Do you have a conscience?
[deleted]
I'm confused about your sources... 
also, I'm pretty sure Christ thought the Law and the Prophets were pretty dang important... like he says here:

““Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. For truly I tell you, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished. Therefore anyone who sets aside one of the least of these commands and teaches others accordingly will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practices and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven.”
‭‭Matthew‬ ‭5:17-19‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/mat.5.17-19.niv
Away with you. This isn't your subreddit. If you want to go proselytize your strange fantasies, there are other places for doing it. This is a place for Christians to discuss their struggles and their questions in a non-hostile environment. You're not contributing to that. If you want to pick fights with your wild ideas, then maybe /r/DebateAChristian or /r/DebateReligion is what you're looking for.
I'd need to know a little more before even attempting any advice. Describe him and exactly what went down? 
> whatever you practice seems to have made you extremely mentally imbalanced. 

Jesus is [Pharoah](http://imgur.com/a/2CtZQ), God in [flesh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maat#The_Weighing_of_the_Heart).  As am I.  Your book isn't God.  For someone who loves Jesus, finding out he's Pharoah and his ID card fits Ma'at is a wonderful feeling.  Burning Bush man still hasn't produced an ounce of corroboration for his story and people continue to murder for him endlessly.

> they certainly don't go around telling people that they're God. 

I don't claim I'm God, others claim that.  For example, [I used to wear this *exact* robe](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/72/9f/0b/729f0b599b49e4ada0d2be020ed0e95b.jpg).  I have [this tattoo on my upper arm.](http://imgur.com/a/KGwOQ)  

*On his robe and on his [thigh](http://imgur.com/a/ROTOO) he has this name written: [king of kings and lord of lords.](http://imgur.com/a/niZTR)* - Revelation 19:16

["Christians" however, claim they're gods.](http://biblehub.com/psalms/82-6.htm)  They're not.  The Jewish Bible is significantly a sick hoax.  Savages murder people for their "gods."  You're clinically insane if you follow the Jewish Bible - it's mostly a fraud and always has been.
###[Moses was a false prophet, is a false prophet, and always will be a false prophet.](http://biblehub.com/john/6-32.htm)  He has given you an incorrect definition of God and told you to mass murder for it.  The truth is, [Jesus died to give me Divine Sovereign Immunity.](http://imgur.com/a/amTBV)  And it's an endless cycle for those who are not willing to give up their [fool's gold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ijXIJRMhKE) Moses because anyone can write down anything on Earth and it doesn't make it true or the word of God.  

###Western humans [don't think about God properly](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/78/a1/22/78a12200f7b024b070c82a71fbd40c3a.jpg) because of [Moses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5Xqv9h_pm8), but that's not God's problem, [that's humans'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2pjbwM3KjI) problem. [Real prophets](http://imgur.com/a/XFnHg) look a lot like [witches](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAZpLyCN9Zw) channeling [evil false gods](http://imgur.com/a/DnYxR).

#https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+1%3A20-33&version=NRSV
Well, it's a piece of paper - [put a bullet in your revolver, spin the cylinder, put it to your head and pull the trigger.](http://imgur.com/a/Er7UJ)  That's why Jesus died, [to give *me* divine sovereign immunity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ijXIJRMhKE)...  Seek [ye first his Kingdom.](https://youtu.be/JvKIWjnEPNY?t=34s)

See? [Italy quakes in the name of Jupiter for me.](http://imgur.com/a/zGdEV)

[Witches are real](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aasECsxrSzQ), that's the [secret](http://imgur.com/a/y9CFV) to understanding [the Bible.](http://imgur.com/a/AsLCO)

See?  They can [kill thousands](http://imgur.com/a/g07oJ) by summoning [false gods](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZAY-78zhmw).

http://imgur.com/a/efLK9

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEN16GHuwvg

**Here's a sneak peek of [/r/DebateAChristian](https://np.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian) using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!**

\#1: [God is unjust because He punishes people for falling into the traps He created.](https://np.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian/comments/54hmd6/god_is_unjust_because_he_punishes_people_for/)  
\#2: [If Christians do not have any means to judge the morality of God, then what does it mean when a Christian says "God is good?"](https://np.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian/comments/4kuka1/if_christians_do_not_have_any_means_to_judge_the/)  
\#3: [Christian Abortions Account for 70% of all US Abortions](https://np.reddit.com/r/DebateAChristian/comments/48nuxg/christian_abortions_account_for_70_of_all_us/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/5lveo6/blacklist/)
This is embarrassing but OK. Well we met last semester. He's just a yr older and really laid back and people friendly. I ran into him a few times and he started hitting on me, and when we walked he then told me how his testimony. Basically a dark past which put me in a good mood because I felt I wasn't alone. But he really didn't communicate with me at all on the phone until recently. He asked if I wanted to hookup and when I said no he told me to think about it. I repeatedly told him I'm not into the hook up scene and the conversation ended. The other night he contacted me just to see how I was doing. A basic small talk conversation which got me confused because he acted like nothing happened. I asked my guy friend over lunch and he gave me bad advice which led me to texting him. My friend told me this guy still sees an open opportunity to lead me to a hook up, so its best to tell him that if he still sees himself hooking up with me in the future to tell him to break it off permanently. So I though since my friend knows how a guys mind works I should probably do so to avoid getting led on.

So I politely said that if he still sees himself getting sexual with me in the future, its best if we stop talking completely. My intentions were to get to know him only. I also thanked him for sharing his testimony, and admitted it was brave for him that he doesn't walk around campus like everyone else acting like he has always had it together. And I ended it with saying that i don't seem myself getting a sexually active at the moment, so just be honest. Basically i was being honest sincere. I wasn't being rude or telling him off.

He said something along the lines of:

 I mean, we can be friends. But you've told me like 10 times already. I get it. You don't want to be sexual. It's fine.

I then apologized for being pushy since I've had a rough semester. 

And he commutes so I barely see him in person. Texting is not getting me anywhere so i don't see his facial reaction or hear his tone of voice. I've only dated once so I have very little experience.
Well, he's either confident he can change your mind, thinks you're worth waiting for, or is actually cool with just getting to know you. 

There's no way of knowing for sure, but it really doesn't sound like you're coming off as submissive and clingy. The kind of submissives that drive everyone off wouldn't have waited for him to propose a hook-up before hinting that he could use a slave.

Trust me, I've dealt with a few. *Shudders.*

Right now, you're policing your boundaries, while you struggle with the kind of conflicts many of us go through. Sure, you're a bit jumpy, but compared to everyone who would have bitten his head off, surrendered because they have no self-respect, or run screaming? 

You're doing fine. Practice the Christian virtue of forgiveness, and forgive yourself. 

If it was me, I'd talk to him like a friend - you have a sense of humor, don't be afraid to use it to defuse awkwardness. Sounds like you could use a friend right now. Just don't invest too much in him all at once, or shut everyone out. Learn to trust like an onion, in layers, as they're earned.

It'll save you a lot of pessimism later, if there's a part of you inside, that only the right people can ever reach. 
Of course Im not only focussing on him. Trust me i have a lot of things to focus on. What i thought is that he sounded annoyed and/or irritated...
So i don't know if he still wants to talk to me.
Friends annoy and irritate each other all the time. If he wants to be a friend, you're still fine. 

As for your struggles beyond that - something you said about your therapist...

There are questions I want to ask, but I don't want to invade your privacy. Especially since I'm just a random anyone.  
I understand. I very much appreciate your advice. You seem really logical. Made me realize that I am too hard on myself, and I take life too seriously. I'll be 20 in a few months so it's not like I did anything major to terminate anything. A lot of things can change and I've realized that with the mistakes I've made, I still focus on it as if it changes a lot of things while people brush it off their shoulders and move on with their lives. I'm a worrier. Its one of my symptoms.

 People With depression might say they hate life. I cant say that. I just hate the circumstance I'm in.
>  A lot of things can change and I've realized that with the mistakes I've made, I still focus on it as if it changes a lot of things while people brush it off their shoulders and move on with their lives.

Amen.

> I'm a worrier. Its one of my symptoms.

I know what it's like to be a worrier. The more you fight it, the worse it gets. You can't make your brain *not* think something. It has to think the thing you're telling it not to think.

And thinking happy thoughts instead? Not always so easy.

I always had to think up other ways, instead. Sometimes, it helps me to worry about others. Or write horribly morbid stories about everything I can imagine possibly going wrong with an ordinary sunny day - with points awarded for creativity and style.

Turns out my brain just has an evil sense of humor. 

[Other times, a change of scenery helps, even if I have to force myself.](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/36/8/2449)

Especially when I hate the circumstance I'm in. 

Apologies, if all that sounded like a lecture you've heard before. Like I said, I'm a worrier, and depression is no small thing. I really do want to do everything I can to help in this post, even if you're just a random stranger I saw on my way to annoying people.
I've found it particularly helpful as a Christian to listen to Christian lullabies. Seriously, if anxiety is killing you, just pop in some headphones and type in "Christian songs" in the YouTube search bar, then BAM. I usually get like three or four playlists. If music is enjoyable for you, then it's a great way to relax and hear more of God's Word. Win win situation.
Oh no need to apologize!  You were a bigger help than you think. Again, you've shown that I'm too hard on myself. The world isn't always an enemy. Most of the the the time it's just me. What I need to focus is the bigger picture instead of the minor details. I know life is a lot less of a big deal than I how I've perceived it. However I don't FEEL that way. So it's all about having emotions match perception. Focusing on improving the future and not focusing on the mistakes, because at the end I'm the only one still thinking about them while other people are moving forward. Now I know you said you're not a christian, but I'd like to return the favor from the distance if you feel comfortable. Do you have anything that is bothering you at the moment that I can pray for? You can message me if the request is too personal.
Hello. I posted a new question. I could really use advice from you...would you like the link?
God bless you, that's such a nice thing. You think of other people in your times of struggle. I think God has truly inspired you and takes so much delight in you! 
The word of God says in John 3 16 that....well obviously you know...For God so Loved the World that he gave his Son!..... All I would want to know is if someone said your son is to be slain for the sins of others....what is your response??? That's how much the Love of God is.... it surpasses comprehension of the physical mind.....I tell you this God loves his creations no matter how many of them can't understand his Love.....
Happy Valentine's Day

if you want to hear more please check out my podcast...Tuesday's at 8pm cst and Saturday's at 4pm cst on Gospelgrind.com
Catch previous episodes on spreaker.com/user/whowillshow 
Guys please pray for me. Pray that God delivers me from sin and temptation.


Read the bible, just read it and you will feel better.
Prayed! Please keep looking for the way out that God always faithfully provides. We are never tempted beyond our ability to turn and run. You are a child of the Most High God and within you is the very power that raised Jesus from the dead. Remember that when you feel the lure of sin.
I will. May I ask wharf you're having troubles with?
Praying for you. Please pray for me too.
The trick is to just relax. Remember your freedom through Jesus. Remember the power he's given you. Tell the devil to piss off in the name of Jesus. The devil has no power over you. Read Psalms 25 and 51 and Romans 6 and 8 everyday. Those Psalms chapters were prayers from David asking God for forgiveness and cleansing after he just committed adultery and murder. Read those chapters as prayers to God and ask him for forgiveness and cleansing. He will cleanse you of all unrighteousness if you let him

1st John 5:5

Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?

1st Corinthians 10:13

There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it

You're an overcomer through Jesus. When you believe in Jesus, you overcome the world and all of its sinful urges and temptations. Sin has no control over you anymore. The only power that sin has over you is the power that you give to it. The devil is weak and he's already been defeated by Jesus. His temptations are just an illusion. Jesus was able to resist the devil in the desert at one of his weakest moments. He fasted for 40 days and still resisted temptation. Ask God for strength. No temptation will ever have enough strength to overpower you. Pray to be lead not into temptation. Pray to be delivered from evil

Romans 6:14

For sin shall not have dominion over you for ye are not under the law but under grace

"Shall not have". It has 0% control over you. Don't let the devil fool you. Ask God to fill you with the holy spirit everyday. Also try praying and fasting. Jesus said that praying and fasting can give you mountain moving faith. Pray, fast, read the bible and ask God to give you strong faith so that you can overcome these temptations. "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble". Rely on his strength at all times. Make sure that you truly want to stop and it will become much easier to resist. Jesus said "and ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free". The truth is that Jesus has already taken care of your problem. The devil is the father of lies. He would like for you to continue falling for his deception. Read those Romans chapters everyday and you'll begin to know more on who you are through Jesus

Thank you!
Basically I got involved with alot of occult stuff like witchcraft, new age, shamanism and so on like 4 years ago before u turned to Christ. 

Now I'm dealing with the aftermath of living with unclean spirits. A couple have been cast out already but things are still hard. It didn't help that I fell into sexual sin and alcoholic sin. 

Would really appreciate your prayers,
Thanks in advance and 
God Bless 
I've got a 19 year old adopted son, who is on SSI for autism/aspergers. I actually adopted him as an adult, which involves a long, sad story.

Here's the thing... He's been involved in various "online relationships" for a long time. I'm not super thrilled, but I try hard to choose my battles. He's 19, with all the teenage angst and hormones that goes along with that.

Frankly, when he first moved in, we had this awkward conversation where I told him "look, if you use porn, masturbate, whatever... Just make sure it's legal." 

I know he's been sexting his online girlfriends, and again... I'm not happy, but I'm trying to respect him as an adult, and let him make his mistakes (like we all do).

But...

His current girlfriend is wanting to come visit (in April), with the stated intention of getting a hotel for the weekend.

I'm not a happy dad.

I'm not sleeping, I can't focus on work, and I'm having trouble figuring out what to do.

My son has been horribly abused. Physically, sexually, emotionally... By parents, girlfriends, religious leaders... He has no sense of self worth. Literally says "I don't know why you bother with me, I'm worthless..."

If this were "just" a case of a couple of young adults hooking up to screw, it would be sad but, frankly, somewhat normal.

But this is my son, who can barely handle being touched, and is walking into a situation where a polyamorous lady, a couple years older than him, is going to expect him to have sex on their first date. And I doubt she is interested in a committed, monogamous relationship, which is a string value of his. 

He's going to react badly, at best, possibly violently, and right now, the only solution I have come up with is find out what hotel it is, and camp out in the lobby so I can take him home when he freaks out.

I'm at my wit's end. I'm driving my wife nuts, because it's all I can think about...  She wants to tell him he has to spend the weekend with her, regardless of how he feels. I'm not down with that. At all. I told him a long time ago that if he ever need me I was only a phone call away. I won't break that now.

I feel lost, I don't know what to do. I don't think there is a good answer. Not really looking for one. Just need prayer, and a space to vent on an anonymous account. Thanks.


This is a tough situation, and it doesn't seem like there is a "right" answer. 

We will definitely keep you in our prayers. 
In my area, there is a local parent network for children with developmental disabilities and autism, and I know they have a variety of support groups and workshops.  I have seen them advertise for workshops addressing the topic of sexuality with their teenage children.  Maybe your area has something similar?  I think it might be helpful to talk to other parents who have walked in your shoes.  Praying for peace and wisdom for your family.


Edited to add:  I'm just thinking about this more, and I'm wondering what your son expects for the weekend.  Can you have a very frank, man-to-man conversation about his expectations, and what you anticipate happening instead?  Just trying to wrap my head around what he thinks he's going to be walking into.  Anyway, I know nothing about this, so please take this with a grain of salt.
Your son needs therapy. I think you should have a group of people from church or friends you are close to pray for him daily. Be honest and upfront with him that you will not support this inappropriate relationship he's having with a woman who is clearly taking advantage of him. Pray for him and ask the holy spirit to guide you in this matter. 
Thanks
He and I had that talk yesterday, and it helped a lot. He is expecting to get to the hotel and "cuddle" all night. When I told him "this girl is flying across the country, buying a hotel room, and concert tickets... She expects sex." He seemed surprised. Even though this isn't the first time I've said so, I think it was the first time he heard me.

Anyhow, I'm going to get a room in the same hotel. If things go as I expect, he will come to my room. If they go as he expects... Well, I will be proven wrong.

I was happy to find out that she has not yet bought a plane ticket or reserved the room. So this may all be worrying about nothing.
Sounds like your conversation went well!  I will still be praying that one or both of them changes their mind about meeting for the weekend and that the whole thing is avoided.  I am sure that won't extinguish his interest in connecting with a girl, but maybe it will give him time to learn more about his own needs and the expectations of others.  

I got out of a 5 year relationship with the girl I was sure I was going to marry about 3 years ago, and for the 3 years I've been single, I've had trouble finding any girl that makes me feel even close to the way my ex did. This girl I met, however, is warm, kind, beautiful, grounded, and an amazing person. We get along really great, too. The last time a girl occupied my thoughts this much was when I first started dating my ex.

The problem is, while we have so much in common, our one glaring difference is her faith. I respect her faith and I think devoting your life to something bigger than yourself like that is quite admirable. However, there are lifestyle differences that can't be ignored. This is where I seek counsel from you, /r/Christian community!

The first and most obvious question is: do I even have a chance? Is dating / marrying someone who is not quite a believer something that is generally accepted in the Christian community? Is it common? What are the chances that this can even get off the ground.

I'm perfectly fine respecting her idea of not having sex before marriage, but physical intimacy is important for me in a relationship. My question is, what are Christians allowed to do before marriage? Is it pretty much anything but actual sex? Are you not even allowed to see each other's body parts before marriage? I wouldn't be in it for the sex, believe me. But sharing some sort of physical intimacy, I think, is important for growing closer to each other, and growing your relationship.

How do Christian parents tend to feel about their college-age daughter dating a non-Christian? I don't think it can work without the approval of her parents as I doubt she would want to try to sneak this around them.

Any extra advice would also be really appreciated. This girl had a big impact on my life and I can't stop thinking about her.

P.S. I don't know exactly why kind of Christian she is, but I think it's Catholic.
> The first and most obvious question is: do I even have a chance? Is dating / marrying someone who is not quite a believer something that is generally accepted in the Christian community? Is it common? What are the chances that this can even get off the ground.

Christians are called to marry only within Christian faith for best results and to not lose faith, as well as for best love and peace, to raise children also in Christian faith and not have conflicts over Christian faith versus worldly ways.

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2+cor+6%3A11-18&version=NKJV

> My question is, what are Christians allowed to do before marriage?

Better ask a Christian pastor about it. I doubt much at all.
> I've had trouble finding any girl that makes me feel even close to the way my ex did.

Problem #1: you're going based on emotions. This is *never* a good basis for a lifelong relationship, as emotions will almost certainly go away (or perhaps even reverse) eventually.

Marriage is a relationship until death, for the purpose of rearing children. Use logic and reason to find and decide who to marry, not emotions.

(In case it isn't obvious, dating and courting exist solely as a way to choose someone to marry.)

> do I even have a chance? Is dating / marrying someone who is not quite a believer something that is generally accepted in the Christian community? Is it common? What are the chances that this can even get off the ground.

Christians aren't allowed to marry non-Christians. Your only chances are 1) she isn't really Christian or at least non-practising; 2) her own emotions overwhelm her better judgement; or 3) you convert to Christianity (sometimes people will date non-Christians in hopes of converting them, but this isn't usually a good idea).

Note that in these cases, while marriage is generally prohibited, there are sometimes exceptions granted under strict conditions. You and she would both need to explicitly promise upfront that the children will be raised Catholic (even if she later abandons the Faith), and that you will not attempt to convert her away or otherwise tempt her toward evil (including, for example, grave sins such as birth control). She would also be obliged to seek your conversion for the rest of your lives.

> I'm perfectly fine respecting her idea of not having sex before marriage, but physical intimacy is important for me in a relationship. My question is, what are Christians allowed to do before marriage? Is it pretty much anything but actual sex? Are you not even allowed to see each other's body parts before marriage? I wouldn't be in it for the sex, believe me. But sharing some sort of physical intimacy, I think, is important for growing closer to each other, and growing your relationship.

No physical intimacy, period. Not even holding hands or kissing. Definitely never being alone with each other.

> How do Christian parents tend to feel about their college-age daughter dating a non-Christian? I don't think it can work without the approval of her parents as I doubt she would want to try to sneak this around them.

I would never approve, unless perhaps he had already begun converting for his own sake and showed great promise in that area.
in the lords light this would not be acceptable sorry. 
I've had a girlfriend who isn't Chrisitian. Every Chrisitian is very very different. I have no problem dating someone who isn't Christian. It did raise some issues though after a year, but mostly because of a bunch of other things, and it just started to raise a lot of questions in general. We aren't 'allowed' to do a  lot of stuff before marriage but we do it anyways. Devout Christian or not. Being Christian is about having faith, not about being perfect so we can get into heaven. But like I said, each Christian is very different. 
The answers here will vary, depending on which denomination she belongs to and what she personally believes. There is quite a wide range of interpretations out there, and even then you might have someone who has personal beliefs all on their own. My answer? 

Ask *her.*

This is, after all, someone you want a relationship with. It's not going to work if you can't discuss something like this, and she's truly the only person who can answer these questions for you. If her faith is important to her, it'll be something she'll want and need to discuss. This is true for Christians, Muslims, Jews, atheists... Whatever. If you can't discuss personal beliefs with one another, then it's ultimately not going to work. 
The best thing to ask yourself before consider before marrying her is:

Would you be willing to make and keep the oath of marriage before God and Family?

Is your feelings for her love or lust?  
So this link says Christians can't marry "non-believers." As an Agnostic, I technically don't fall in the category of non-believer.
Thank you for the detailed reply. In terms of your strict conditions that marriage may be presented: I would never try to sway her away from something she loves and believes in. I have no problem with her faith. Her faith is more important to her than my non-faith is to me.

I'm open to converting to Christianity, but it has to be because I truly *believe*. I refuse to convert only for her, because I'd be lying to her about my faith and only converting to appease her, I would never deceive someone I care about like that. I'd rather not date her at all than have to fake my faith to her.

Thanks again.
^ This is the correct response. I'd like to add that for 'your only chances' I would advise that if you are going to go the actual 'conversion' route that it be genuine. 1) If she's genuine, she'll know you're faking it. 2) If you fake it successfully, and build your relationship and world on top of that, ultimately, your world will come crashing down.

OP, 2 questions:

1) What makes you think she's Catholic?

2) Are you interested in knowing more about becoming Christian? You say you are agnostic (rather than Athiest)... Do you have questions that cause you to doubt a Creator? (AMA)
This seems extremely conservative. Most Christians I know wouldn't say absolutely zero physical contact...not even holding hands? I've never met anyone that extreme in real life and I've been part of some fairly conservative, "purity culture"-following groups throughout my life...
I understand that. This girl just seems like a very very devoted Christian. I'm not quite sure she would be as loose on the rules as you are.
That's a surprisingly simple but insightful answer. I've invested so much of my thoughts and emotions into this girl it's better thinking there's a chance than knowing it will never happen. Fear of denial I suppose.
I have 0 problems with getting married in a church before God, and I don't know what my feelings for her are yet, I'm still trying to work through them. All I know is I've never met a girl like her before, and I'm very aware that if we dated, there would not be anything sexual going on for a while, so whatever it is I'm feeling for her, it's not a sexual lust. I don't want to say I love her before I've ever even spent a day alone with her, but the only other time I felt true romantic love in my life was my ex girlfriend whom I dated for almost 5 years, and I feel more connected with this girl than I did with my ex right before we started dating.
2 Corinthians 6:14 was addressed to the church not to singles looking for spouses. The church was not to labor together with unbelievers. It is commonly used as a verse to say that Christians cannot marry non-believers.
> As an Agnostic, I technically don't fall in the category of non-believer.

Yes, you do. If you don't believe what the Bible says about God and His son Jesus Christ, you are an unbeliever regarding Christian faith.
I'd like to ask a few questions to open your own eyes as to what you believe (or dont believe) and whether your ready and willing to convert or not. If you're up for it, would you prefer on this thread or as a private message?
Obviously the guy who write this reply to your post is a piece of shit who thinks he/she knows what is best for everyone (that you should blindly follow our sacred, perfect, infallible holy mother church). The best advice I can give is to try to base your decisions here based on what you think are right for the reasons you think make them right, not because some guy on the internet you what to do purely based on an immutable book.

Edit: fixed typo
Well, I'm assuming she's Catholic, but she very well may not be. Simply because Catholic seems to be the most popular for of Christianity around here, and Catholic tend to be a lot more strict in their practices and it seems like she was raised that way. She dresses VERY conservatively, jeans or a long dress that goes down to her ankles, long sleeve shirts / sweatshirts, or in nice weather just a plain T-Shirt that a guy would wear, no low cuts or anything. I'm honestly just assuming she's Catholic based on how she acts and how it compares to devoted Catholics I've met in my life.

I have a strong feeling in my gut that there are other forces at work in the universe that we can't see, the problem is my mind works in a very logical, scientific way. If something is not proven to me without a doubt, I have a very hard time accepting it as fact, especially when accepting it as fact means changing almost every aspect of your life. Whether there is a Creator, or a powerful being at work, my morals come from myself, they're not given to me by anyone, they're not taught to me by anyone, they are my own. I have a lot of beliefs that align with the Christian faith: I think you should be respectful, charitable, and kind those around you. I think you should love your family and make any sacrifices necessary for your family. I think it's wrong to lie, cheat or steal. I think you should take care of your neighbors as if they were your own family. However, there are morals I have that don't align with the Christian faith: I think being gay is not bad, and if there is a god out there who will take a gay man who is respectful, charitable, loves his family and treats everyone with respect and dignity, and send him to eternal hell because he's gay, then I don't want to follow that god, because I think that's cruel.

Also, I understand the idea of not having sex before marriage before there was birth control because dating does not guarantee you will get married, and it's not right to have a kid if you're not certain you will spend the rest of your life together. As a child of divorce, I understand the importance of growing up in a functional family with an active mother and father in it. However, with birth control that's not really an issue, and sex, in a healthy relationship between two people who love each other, only helps you grow closer as people, and grow your relationship. Intimacy is important in relationship.

What it boils down to is I naturally have a problem with authority. I get my morals and principles from within, not from what I'm told they have to be, but from the man I decide I want to be when I look at myself in the mirror. My belief is, if there is a God, he speaks to me, through me, not through a church, a book, or another man.
On the flip side, it might hurt immediately, but knowing that it'll never happen will allow both of you to move on and meet the right person.
Then God speed man, hope it works out well for you 
By "addressed to the church" do you mean, people who work for the church like priests and pastors? Also, I feel like "darkness" and "wickedness" are kind of harsh nouns to pair with someone who may be struggling to believe at that point in their life.
Most of my family is Christian, I was baptized a Catholic and raised to believe in God. I'm open to converting if it makes sense to me. Private message would be best.

EDIT: Thought I'd add, I appreciate your willingness to help. Thank you friend.
That's the way I feel, but I highly doubt this girl feels that way. She seems very "by-the-book" (no pun intended) with her faith. It's unfortunate for me because she's the kind of girl you meet once every ten years if you're lucky. =/
Appreciate that!
The church as in the whole church body doing the work of the Lord.
Being agnostic or questioning Christianity is healthy actually just because you have questions doesn't mean you arn't a Christian, it just means you are thinking. The best way to answer your questions for God are by using his word and through prayer. As it is said in the scriptures: "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you." Matthew 7:7
It's possible that she is devout in her theism, but does not adhere to the same ridiculous rules that the other redditor was spewing.
I hope so man. The last 3+ years have been so shitty for me, I really need a win here.
Hey guys, I've been struggling a lot with masturbation... I am on nofap now and I've been getting better. Im too scared to tell my family and I only told two friends who I really trust. Can you guys pray for me please? I need all the help from God i can get, cause I can't do anything by myself. Thanks. I love you guys.
The more accountability you get the better off you'll be, tell those that you can trust not to judge or trip you up and ask them to hold you accountable to it.

Hope you find the strength in Christ to overcome this struggle, peace.
I'll pray for you! Same issue here buddy
Don't try and change yourself. You will fail. Get into the Word, some time every day reading the Bible, and let God transform you. 

We can't pull ourselves out of sin. And 'trying to be good' is the wrong motivation. Let God do the heavy lifting - all you need to do is spend time with God 
Why can't you tell your family? Why do you think you can't do anything for yourself? Why would you care who judges you? Doesn't the bible say only your god can judge you? It's normal human nature, don't be ashamed of it. It's actually healthy for you. If you enjoy it don't let some outdated way of thinking stop you as long as you're not hurting anyone. "Prayer is like masturbation, it only feels good to the person doing it and does nothing to the person they're thinking about." - Don Baker.
Thanks! I'll pray for you too.
No matter how healthy, the Bible states that you should not lust. It's hard to fap without lusting, bud
The bible also says a lot of other things you probably shouldn't take to heart.
Yes, but as a Christian you should know which to follow. Lusting is one you know you shouldn't pursue. You can lust without knowing it or for a few seconds, but as a Christian, it's up to you whether you linger on it or not. It all comes down to your understanding of God. God spoke it, you follow it with no questions.
God also said you have to kill a woman if she has sex before her wedding night, follow this one blindly as well or use your own discretion?
That's in the Old Testament and part of Levitical law. It no longer applies. Back then people had to take more drastic measures to purify themselves from sin. These days we just need to ask for forgiveness from Jesus. 

As far as masturbation, no one should feel condemned by giving in if they are fighting the urge but I don't know anyone that does it without thinking about something in a lustful way. God says we need to be clean in mind body and speech. 
Can you please tell me what verse that is?
Well?
What changed in gods rule? Did he become more lenient? And of course you will think about something while you rub one out, it's normal, just like masturbation. 
Thank you for helping!
Deuteronomy 22:13-21
What changed? Jesus died on the cross which created the perfect sacrifice. Before that, in levitical law AKA the Old covenant, people had to follow 600+ rules, some of which were fairly absurd. These were the only way that people could avoid and/or cleanse themselves of sin. My guess would be that a lamb or calf was only worth so much sin or only lasted so long. I'm not sure because I don't know all of gods reasoning behind it. 

I do know that those sacrifices were imperfect and Jesus came, lived a sinless life, took our sin, and died for us, that in the new covenant we wouldn't have to follow all of those laws but just a few simple commandments and Jesus could cover the rest. 

Yes masturbation is normal but that doesn't mean it's not sinful. It is still an act of lust. It is unclean in our minds so we need to pray, seek God, and fight it. That doesn't mean we won't have a fight, we also might have to fight for a season but God sees our heart and he understands the difficulty so we shouldn't feel condemned. 

Some people believe homosexuals to be born that way and it to be normal, that doesn't make it so. We as men are drawn to the female form, to be drawn is normal, to lust after it isn't and we must chasten ourselves to be more holy. 
Then yes, God said you shouldn't have sex before marriage. Those who do have sinned and need to repent. If you do, there would be punishments, but nowadays people get away with more sin. They have to answer for it later on though
For a little bit of back story, I've always considered myself a person who leans Christian, I've been baptised but I just never really lived the lifestyle. I'm now looking to be more devoted. So,my question is, what's a good denomination that doesn't necessarily judge people? I have tattoos (I regret) and I don't want to hear someone say who will and won't go to hell. I just want to hear the word and have some guidance
Bro, honestly... nondenominational Christianity is the best. I attend Calvary chapel, they are amazing! Have enjoyed every one I've gone too and I have tattoos as well!
It depends on where you live. Certain churches in certain cities have different ways of doing things, regardless of denomination. I would maybe just try some out, let the Holy Spirit guide you. No church is perfect, for we are all sinners. But it is important to find a place where you can be built up while also building others up through fellowship.
Why don't you want to know. What are you afraid of? God, I'm so different from everybody. There are no good churches, if it is a building where people go on the weekend, and it's deserted the rest of the week. That is a den of liars, and none of them will inherit the Kingdom of God.
Not sure there's anything intrinsically wrong with tattoos. But just needed to clarify, there are plenty of inconsiderate jerks both inside and outside of church circles. There's no such thing as a perfect church on this side of eternity.  
  
Where do you work/live? Maybe we can point you towards a couple places to visit and consider committing to.
I go to Calvary Chapel. I've learned so much and have grown so much there. God called me back there and it's been about 8-9 years. I'm not saying they are the best at all. Find a good church that teaches you the bible. They shouldn't judge your appearance or even bring up past choices you have made. Remember, it's not a complicated thing. It's simple. Keep it simple silly. Read, pray and church, fellowship. Yes, the people are the church. But pray that God guides you to the church that will build you up. For me, it's kinda far from me, but God provides. So I still make it about 4 days outta the week. But yes, pray about it. I'll keep you in prayer that God guides you. Feel free to message me for prayer or anything. I'm not perfect but I'm here for ya. God bless.
I attend Harvest Bible Chapel in the western suburbs of Chicago. I professed my faith and was saved through this ministry. It's a non-denominational church and the Spirit is definitely at work here. 

My only advice would be to find a church and ministry that uses the Bible IN CONTEXT. I have been blessed to have not attended a that is judgmental. I was saved after being convicted of 2 felonies. I confessed this publicly during my baptism and I received a ton of encouragement from the folks here. God will guide you. 

Love is patient and kind; love does not envy or boast; it is not arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing, but rejoices with the truth. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
1 Corinthians 13:4‭-‬7 ESV
Hi there, newly found Christian. I don't know your story, or what your relationship is with God. So quick question, when you die and stand before God and He asks why you should be allowed into Heaven, what is your response?
Trust me. You need to know your sins and repent of them. You dont want to go to church to get your ears tickled. That is not what church is for. As a matter of fact, early christians never gathered in a church building. They also did not have sermons or pastors(though they did have bishops). Read the bible, repent of sinning against God. 

Godspeed.
You attend Calvary church where?? So do i! @graysky90
God has a church for you and that is where you need to be. I suggest you pray and ask Him to guide you. You may find this post I wrote of help: https://matthewcailesonline.com/2016/04/06/what-to-look-for-in-a-church/
I go to a baptist church (I live in the south) but I don't consider myself a baptist. I'm a Christian. Visit local churches. See which ones are grounded in scripture and are full of friendly, Christian people. Don't sweat over the denomination too much. I will say that I listen to a Calvary Chapel podcast and it's some of the best preaching I've ever heard. I'd go to that particular church in a heartbeat if I lived on the other side of the country. It's about the congregation in that building more than the title on the sign. 
God doesn't judge. You are building a relationship with Christ and he will let you know what Church is best for you. Try a bunch of different churches and you will eventually feel him pulling at your your heart. God Bless
I'm a new Christian as well and I only attend non-denominational.
This is the correct answer.  I recently began attending a local non-denominational church and will probably never go back.  Yeah, I disagree with their doctrine, but they have a Christ-centered love that just doesn't poke it's head out very often in my denomination.
Unless "nondenominational" is a denomination then surely each church has its own doctrine and they may be entirely different to each other?

I'm confused by what you mean. Perhaps it's a known thing where you live? Like "free/independent evangelical"  in the UK?
I live in Tacoma Washington
Fair point. I don't go church myself right now, mostly because of logistical issues, but I also do prefer just spending quality time with God, reading the Bible, praying, or listening to Church/Christian podcasts, without the distraction of church and other people. 

Many Christians who go to church will probably be quick to point out that 'you must come to church' or that you should go to church, for fellowship etc... that the church is the bride of Christ and that we should be an active part of it. But i'm not so sure about that. DOes your relationship with the one true God really hinge on going into a building once a week?

Granted, I have felt the presence of the Holy Spirit much more intensely in Church...

But maybe OP doesn't need to go to church at all if he doesn't want to? I guarantee some other Christian will jump on my back for saying that, and produce some verse to back up actual physical Church attendance. But maybe OP could consider remote Church? Listening to Church podcasts and YouTube videos

If certainly works for me right now

I'm not writing off ever going to a Church, but when you consider that ultimately, the only thing that really matters is your relationship with God - then why not just stay at home and focus on that?

Pray for God to lead you to the right place!
It depends. Calvary Chapel, my favorite, do have their beliefs. Just like every other denomination states, they follow the Bible. Every Calvary chapel church has practically 100% word for word same beliefs. You can find them on their websites... 

http://www.wildwoodcalvarychapel.com/statement-of-faith/

This is from the church that brought me closest to Christ. But what I was originally stating about how it depends is I have seen other churches who consider themselves nondenominational and they would service multiple religions. 

Hope this helps!

Edit: Another thing I wanted to mention is that from what I meant by non denominational is that the church that I attended didn't believe in anything so special that they needed to change their name to be some other form of Christianity. They don't make such a big deal about Saturday being the original day of rest to where their name needs to bee separate from the rest of the body of Christ. No offense to any who believe so. Just we remain simply Christian. 
(And as a side note, I myself have been a bit put off my home Church, because of the judgementalism, clique mentality, and social club mentality)

I think wherever you go, you still have to deal with people... and even if they are saved, and have the Holy Spirit, they still have faults... 
I get what you mean now, thanks.

Sadly the church is separated, and small or large differences separate branches of the church. 
I'm no Bible thumper. But church was God's idea, not man's. It's a messy business, but that's how God wants it from what I can tell.

False.

http://www.snopes.com/john-podesta-spirit-cooking/
Are you sure "Spirit Cooking" refers to satanic rituals like the article claims? It seems more likely that they are doing something like bourbon chicken or using vodka to make taster pie crust.
Cant trust snopes for anything political. They have been caught lying several times. 
True.

Most updated research:

/r/PizzaGate

Protect your children!
It involves rituals, often eating the "food" off the body of naked woman, and ingredients often include urine, menstrual blood, breast milk and semen. Sounds pretty satanic to this cat.
https://youtu.be/8PFDcsV02LM

My boy Mark will explain it and has her past history. There's another vid he covered on this also
Okay I looked it up. The lady who sent the email is an avant guarde artist and the spirit cooking really does include the disgusting things the linked article says that it does. I wonder if they take the spiritual aspects seriously. Either way, there is no way I would ever let that happen at my dinner table.
Like when?
She did an AMA on reddit where she said herself it's not art of its done in private, which they did.
It's well known Snopes is on the tank for Democrats, there's proof all over if you aren't too lazy to look.

I've also read the emails through the leaks, it's completely true.

*I did some basic googling for you: http://www.truthwiki.org/snopes-snopes-com/

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=snopes+obvious+bias

How about this? https://i.redd.it/0s5uj7ks73tx.jpg
https://www.google.com/amp/yournewswire.com/snopes-caught-lying-for-hillary-again-questions-raised/amp/
1. You still haven't shown me a single instance of them lying. 
2. The only connection to Hillary is this guy getting an email that he never responded to. I could send an email to drop saying 'wanna meet up later and join ISIS?' But that wouldn't make trump an ISIS supporter.
Don't waste your time.

We know he works for the satanic pedophile gang.

Also, Snopes is bullshit and used to cover up truth.
I think we just have different opinions on the matter. I read that article and think that Snopes was very honest about the facts and you read it and see them being dishonest. For instance laughing at how ineffective polygraph tests, in my opinion, does not mean she laughed at the case or victim. As well having her client plead not guilty does not mean she called the victim a liar. I don't think the author has much background with the legal system because some of the things they say, such as an acquittal being the only desired outcome for a defence attorney. I guess we will just have to agree to disagree.
It's not my job to do your research for you. Snopes is not an authority on anything - and even then I'm confirming it, I read the leaks, it's true.







The guy and his brother have both been to them before, and the guy is John Podesta, literally her campaign manager.







But by all means, stick your head in the sand some more and vote for a Satanist, fair warning, you might wanna be damn sure you're right with who you make your allegiance.







I'm not even suggesting you vote for Trump, but come on, at least he has prayers and includes "under God" at his rallies.







Yes, Clinton and co. took "under God" out of the pledge of allegiance, look it up - anywhere but Snopes.
There are some that might not know, I only make the case so they're not taken in by the lies.
I am still willing to admit defeat if shown legit evidence snopes has lied about something.
Same statement, one Libertarian, one Democrat, they marked the Democrat as "mostly true." https://i.redd.it/0s5uj7ks73tx.jpg

You're defending liars. That and the fact that you're covering it up makes you look like a liar.

Proverbs 13: 5 The righteous hate what is false,
    but the wicked make themselves a stench
    and bring shame on themselves.
Well it's much easier for you to tell me which snopes article you remember being lies instead of me researching every single one to see if they are true or not. I mean you could literally just say "check their post about how muffins cause cancer" and that at least point me in the right direction to research their supposed credibility. If you just say 'they've been known to lie' and then can't even name one article where you know they have it makes it seem like your lying.

Secondly, you shouldn't have religion in secular life. Jesus is clear when he says to render on to Cesar what is Cesar's and render into god what is god. Later on in Johns it is stated that as Christians we are not part of this world. This is meant to protect us so we don't follow crazy politicians just because they claim to be Christians.

Also I am Canadian so I can't vote in your election. Even if I could I haven't voted in years because I'm not entirely certain Christians should vote. I was going to vote for Trudeau but didn't register in time.

I just think that accusing someone of literally worshiping satan is something that should only be done when you are certain of guilt. It's a pretty big accusation if you're a Christian.
Also here is a link that better explains what happened https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-intersect/wp/2016/11/04/no-john-podesta-didnt-drink-bodily-fluids-at-a-secret-satanist-dinner/?client=safari

I don't know much about American news so maybe you consider this a left wing source too but it provides direct links to all the emails and other point of interest.  For instance that spirit cooking is performance art and not literal cooking (not that makes it any better of course) so they didn't eat bodily fluids for dinner and also provides the email that mentions her campaign manager wasn't even there that night.
http://livingresistance.com/2016/11/08/clinton-foundation-involved-child-trafficking-network-investigation/

Mounting evidence.

I'm not looking to defeat anyone.
It is a big accusation, I don't make it lightly. They've abandoned God by every indication they could make. Bill Clinton is a convicted adulterer.

Be careful who you defend.

1 Thessalonians 5:
22 Abstain from all appearance of evil.
Same statement, one Libertarian, one Democrat, they marked the Democrat as "mostly true." https://i.redd.it/0s5uj7ks73tx.jpg
I read the emails. Not just one, but the context of them.

I mean, it's clear that you're going to defend this to the bitter end. But I'm going to try to make this clear to other Christians.

1 Thessalonians 5:
22 Abstain from all appearance of evil.

Even as performance art, *I don't think you're understanding.*

**We're Christians** we should avoid all appearance of association with Satan. *Even performance art.*

But I looked through your profile history, and honestly, you don't strike me as someone that chooses Jesus over the world.
Same statement, one Libertarian, one Democrat, they marked the Democrat as "mostly true." https://i.redd.it/0s5uj7ks73tx.jpg
Ah, you're joking around. I thought you were being serious lol
I'm 100% not defending Bill Clinton, I'm young and Canadian so I probably don't know the full story but from what I heard he cheated on his wife and then lied about it. However Hillary is not Bill. She is not to blame for his sins or the sins of her campaign managers brother. 

I'm sure you're much more invested in this because she might run your country and I'm only viewing this as an outsider. I don't particularly like either candidate. I can't speak about her religious beliefs since I've never read too much about it but do those really matter? Even if a hardcore Christian runs for office and wins, so what? What are they going to do? The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one, the devil isn't going to let them change much. Congress isn't going to let them pass many bills about religious freedom or create many welfare programs for the sick, elderly, children, etc. Even if they manage to make some pretty pro-Christ changes, they are going to be superficial so we think the government is able to fix our problems and not Jehovah.
Even as performance art it's pretty bad, I'm not defending spiritual cooking. I'm just saying you can't really say that Clinton is a satanist because of an email her campaign manager received and never replied to or because he was invited to a party he never attended. Do I think we should self govern our own and try to correct behaviour when a brother is becoming a lost sheep? Sure! I just don't think we should throw anyone into the pit right away, Jehovah judges not us.

And then you once again go and judged someone's 'Christianness' without really knowing them. I'm sure I've made some less then Christ like comments but I am a young girl still learning. I mean you know nothing about me except some comments. You don't know that I continued to attend church even when my mother cried over it and my father kept trying to convince me not to. You don't know I attended weekly, twice weekly sometimes, bible studies before I moved (haven't found the right group here yet). Or that I work with disabled people in my spare time, sometimes even through the company Christian Horizons. You just know I made some dumb comments on a website.
This is actually a much better example of snopes being less than honest about somethings. Though I'm not really sure what this is...is it like their twitter?

I was reading the other day that the content 20% of liberal news sources and 38% of conservative ones had articles that were mostly false or a mix of true and false information. We should all be careful what we read! Except the bible of course :p
I'm not joking. The truth us there. The evidence is building up.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Clinton_sexual_misconduct_allegations

More women have come forward too, and there's more to it then the wiki even says.

Death threats, IRS intimidation, bullying. Hillary herself has helped Bill in all of this and more.

The Clinton's are disgusting people.

And while I agree, our God is bigger than our problems, it's our responsibility to self-govern. I believe in free will and I believe that God will let nations and people destroy themselves if they stray from Him. God is bigger than the problems, yes. But that doesn't excuse us from responsibility.
Look, I'm only point out what I'm seeing, I'm not making a judgement call, it's between you and Jesus whether you're well with Him. I'm only saying that from what I've seen, there's obvious struggles with worldly ways.

As far as the Clinton's go, I think they are clearly not with God. I think that's fairly self evident.
Those are literally screenshots from their pages, compared.

Snopes is ran out of the basement of a couple from California, it's literally a blog. It has no credibility.

On that note, there is truth, if you seek it, you will find it.
You should read both entries and make up your own mind about why they made a slight distinction between the two. 

And really, are you certain you could always grade these things entirely accurately? Show me perfection, in reporting, if you're able. 

If they were so reliably biased, where's the floods of evidence? 
But...that website gives no mention of snopes at all. 
Let he who is without sin throw the first stone. 

I remember Christ hanging around some pretty colorful company, and picking fights with people just like you.
I thought it was odd that it said polifacts instead of snopes so I sought out the truth and found that those are not from snopes but polifacts Texas http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2012/jan/31/ron-paul/ron-paul-says-federal-income-tax-rate-was-0-percen/ and http://www.politifact.com/virginia/statements/2015/aug/24/jim-webb/jim-webb-says-us-didnt-have-income-taxes-until-191/

They're reasoning for slightly different truth meters is that they believe they are making slightly different claims. I don't know how accurate that is, I only know that snopes didn't write it.

I also looked into the snopes website. The wife is also Canadian (woot Canada!) and thus can't vote and the husband is an independent former republican, they appear to be pretty apolitical. As well several other organizations such as Fact Checker found them to be fairly unbiased. 
If you continue to read the thread between ni joe and I, I did a small amount of googling and discovered that the link IS NOT snopes. It is actually polifacts.mit was pretty easy to discover because the second time I looked at the picture I realized...that actually says polifacts instead of snopes on it. So....I still have yet to be given an example of snopes being biased hahaha
Snopes isn't up to date with the investigation.
Not an excuse to put evil to power, be careful of twisting scripture.
http://www.politifactbias.com/

Politifact founder: "the Truth is entirely subjective."

Politifact is just as bad.

California republican is an entirely different beast. Canadians can vote if they're registered. Why are you taking it from Snopes when you're questioning Snopes honesty itself?

Catch 22.
Like all those who voted for Trump?

He flirts with Stormfront , you know. Spreading their lies about how often black people kill white people, for example, and exploiting racial tensions in ways that could cost innocent people their lives. 

If you see a viable-non evil candidate, by all means, introduce us, before it's too late.
That one image you sent made me question snopes at it seemed to be two statements that said the same thing but rated differently. BUT then I googled it and it turned out Snopes didn't post it. Thus I now have no reason to doubt snopes. I've been shown one picture that was incorrectly labelled as Snopes and one article that claimed Snopes was lying about Hillary's case but in my opinion everything they said was actually a misunderstanding of the legal system (the implications of a not guilty plea) or a misunderstanding/difference of opinion (does laughing at polygraph accuracy count as laughing about the case).

Also you can only vote in the US if you are a citizen, I am assuming if they said she couldn't vote she is not a citizen and most likely a permanent resident.
There's a difference between being a sinner and being a Satanist, pedophile sex trafficker, and criminal cartel.



Get behind me, Satan.

Praying in tongues?  Sorry you lost me there. Is that a normal thing to do? I always thought of that as a pentecostal thing. Honestly, I think it's a bit strange, but whatever works I guess.

It is completely Biblical, why would God want to limit it to one denomination? Christians are not supposed to be normal!
It's false doctrine. Every single time the word "tongue" is mentioned in the Bible, it's talking about a language people speak.

*By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.* (Genesis 10:5)

*The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand;* (Deuteronomy 28:49)

And if you're interested, [here is every mention of the word "tongue" in the Bible (KJV)](https://www.blueletterbible.org/search/search.cfm?Criteria=tongue&t=KJV&ss=1#s=s_primary_0_1)

There is no Biblical example of people freaking out in church, making weird noises, and the like. If that were the case, why aren't all churches filled with people like that? Why is it just the Pentecostals? It just isn't Biblical.
That's what I thought, that it just referred to other actual languages and not made up jibberish, almost makes me think they are possessed when they start doing that strange stuff.
What did Paul mean when he said he prayed in tongues "more than you all"? He wasn't speaking in a foreign language so that foreigners could understand him, he was speaking to God.
I think the same thing, but I try to be careful not to blaspheme (although I'm certain it is a false doctrine. If it isn't in the Bible, it isn't Biblical).
A tongue doesn't have to be a foreign language. In the Bible, a tongue is *a* language. It could be foreign, it could be domestic. As for that verse, I don't know. I know one thing for sure, it doesn't describe him thrashing about and making random noise.
If Paul was praying in Hebrew or Greek or Aramaic, he would not have called it tongues. He was praying in an unknown tongue.  Paul said he also prayed with understanding, so clearly he did not understand when he prayed in tongues. It is not random noise and does not need to involve movement at all, in fact it usually doesn't. It is allowing the Holy Spirit to give you words to pray. He does not control your tongue, only puts the words or sounds into your mind via your spirit.
Discord is a chat program similar to IRC but more modern. We have around 210 members and are very active. 

Pop in if you're interested, you only need to register an account

We've got Catholics, Orthodox and protestants.

https://discord.gg/dY9Qsma

Thanks.

edit: There is somebody going around religious servers DMing users bad images, invites will now be sent through pm, just ask for one
Link?
It says the invite is invalid, would love to join though. Any help?
*Sigh* Make a new invite, and check the "Set this link to never expire" button.
think I could get an invite?

May I have an invite as well? Thanks.
invites are back to being sent through pm

sorry for any inconvenience
May I have an invite also? Would be much appreciated!
GOD DOESNT EXIST
Yes I would like an invite please, thank you!  Non-denominational protestant here.
Can I have an invite?
I deleted the server by mistake, could you please help me get back on it?
Hey , is it fine if I joined? I would love to have my beliefs challenged and debate with you people. 
Hi. Sorry, the old link was deleted.

https://discord.gg/M9dECgc
Hi, we had some trolls so I took down the instant invites.

Only verified users can send invites and they have to be expirable. I'll PM you one.
May I please have an invite? Thank you 
sure, pmed you
http://i.imgur.com/VnyX1OK.png
pmed
May I get an invite as well?
why are you the one saying that? like, arent you christian?
Hi.

We've got some more mods, so I think it'll be fine to leave an invite here in public

https://discord.gg/7SpVAuK

thanks
I could post this in /r/prayers, but I am a Christian, so I kind of felt like prayers to anything but the Christian God in the name of Jesus would have no affect. I do think prayers are more affective when multiple people send them, so I would like to ask everybody to pray for my new relationship.

I'm not bragging, I'm confessing that I am going through a divorce. I believe I have learned from it, and some of you might disagree with that. I do too. It's like lieing. I disagree with that, but I have done it, and all of you have too, even after being saved.

I now have a new girlfriend who is a little worried about the fact that the legal process of my divorce isn't complete yet. She seems to really care for me, and I care for her. She is a very sweet person, and I know that if she isn't saved, God is working within her.

I would like for God to bless our relationship and help us to be compatible with each other. I also want him to guide me to be a blessing to her. She has had one inconsiderate guy after another who have taken her for granted, cheated on her, and any number of meanspirited or simply neglectful things. I want to be that good guy who makes her happy. I want so badly that I can't put it down here in words to never make her regret giving me a chance even though my situation makes her nervous. Thank you guys in advance. 

By the way, I'm glad for this sub's existence. Christians really do need a haven here on Reddit. It's a jungle out there. Thanks again everybody, and God bless all of you in Jesus name.
No, God no. You're worse than the rich man refusing to sell his land. Stay away from that woman, you are not divorced. Jesus Christ, this is inane.
You have my prayer. I recently got married. I have been gone from the church for quite some time and decided to pursue a fellow believer who has fallen away as well. The difference between the two of us was that I still proudly proclaimed Jesus as she was against the church because it was forced down her throats as a child.

Now as we are married we have looked into local churches and have found a church we would enjoy attending but due to our vehicle situation, we can't. We still are proactively trying to better ourselves and fall away from our cigarette addiction, cut the curse words out of our lives. We don't watch movies with nudity because it's disrespectful to one another. She has been a blessing in my life, which she says about me as well, yet I feel I have been a burden

If I may ask for prayer from you to ask God to give me strength and confidence in myself so that way I can lead this family like a man should without doubt. To guide me and my wife down the path He has set out for us without falling off track purposefully. Thanks brother, God bless you.
He's getting divorced. If you've ever been in this situation, sometimes getting divorced just never happens yet you're still split because getting divorced costs money, and a whole lot of stress of who gets what.
God tolerates divorce because it is the law of the land, God wants nothing to do with it. Maybe if he isn't divorced yet God has a reason? He shouldn't be with any woman until he finalizes his legal preceding.
Marriage was never a legal situation until we made it that way. And to be honest here, I feel that by him going through divorce just proves that they weren't supposed to be in the first place. God could be showing him who he is supposed to be with now! You know?

I can see where you're coming from though.
What did Jesus ever say that makes you think He would vote at all, let alone tell you who He'd vote for?
How would the Lord and creator of the universe vote? What an odd question. He did not come to participate in human society. He came to save mankind and change the world forever.
"Render unto Caesar."

Jesus was not politically involved.

\*Edit: To anyone about to read this comment chain, you really don't need to bother, cowjam is off his rocker, if you'd like real and edifying reading on whether or not Jesus was political, I suggest [a quick Google search](https://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome-psyapi2&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8&q=jesus%20was%20not%20political&oq=jesus%20was%20not%20political&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l2.4299j0j7) as that'll be much easier than listening to me trying to get a simple idea through this guy's head.

And honestly typing out all the reasons why Jesus *wasn't* political just to have to rehash the argument(s) over and over because cowjam will never be satisfied with my response(s) is not only aggravating, but a waste of my time. I'd like to propose a rule to the mods, "no politics"??
Hard to say, and it's all opinion based, but I think he would abstain from voting. He would see the evil and fallacies of man.
Darrell Castle obviously
I guess I would look at the system of government that He set up in Israel during the OT.  That seems to be what He wants.
then why was he 30 before he started his ministry? Why bother doing anything other than death and Resurrection? 
"Sell everything you have and give the money to the poor" _isn't_ political?

Seems fair - as best as we can tell He wanted an absolutist theocracy with Himself at the top.

At least, that's what He told the Jews to do with their government.
> then why was he 30 before he started his ministry?

something something 5-year-olds don't get listened to in the middle east, something something whatever.
"Before the rooster crows you will deny me three times" *look* I can take things Christ said out of context too!

**Seriously.** If you don't understand why Jesus specifically told that man to sell all he had and follow Him, you need to get into some better Bible studies.

I'm not trying to be mean, but what you said is about as intentionally ignorant, Scripture-twisting, agenda-pushing, as you can get.

Gross, man. Just gross.
I'm going to reply twice because this just got a lot more interesting and you've started a second topic.

So Jesus telling a ruler of the time to sell everything and give the money to the poor wasn't a political act because you contest that it doesn't apply to you right now?

How about the sermon on the mount for Jesus being political? Adultery and murder are in the heart. Love your enemies. don't swear oaths. Turn the other cheek, go the second mile. On and on, all political.


Since you seemed to take offence at that, could you please explain (using the scripture) how selling all your stuff _isn't_ something that you (you personally) should do?
No, it wasn't a political issue because it was a *heart* issue. Jesus was speaking to *a man* - ***not*** to policy. Charity is charity because it *comes from the heart, it's not forced.*

***Jesus did not say; "sell all you have or I'm going to put you in jail."*** Jesus gave a choice, inducting a policy which requires people to sell everything and give to the poor *is not giving a choice.*

>How about the sermon on the mount for Jesus being political? Adultery and murder are in the heart. Love your enemies. don't swear oaths. Turn the other cheek, go the second mile. On and on, all political.

WRONG. Again, heart issues. You cannot conflate the two. Should our political choices be influenced by our morality? Of course! But we should not force others, *Jesus was not a man of force. Politics is about the induction of force on people to follow certain rules.*

You really are a twisted individual if this is how you view the world. I question your sincerity on this topic.
I do not need to use Scripture to prove to you that there's a difference between suggestion and policy. It'd be like trying to convince you that water is wet.

*You know what?

***SIDE QUESTION: WHY HAVEN'T YOU (YOU PERSONALLY) SOLD EVERYTHING YOU OWN AND GIVEN IT TO THE POOR?***

*You want Scripture? Try this one:*

Matthew 7:5 You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.
Jesus is talking about a way of life which is radically different from the accepted order of things. That's politics. Yes it's gentle, but it's still political.
I'm asking you about doctrine, not practice.  I've asked why your doctrine says that you shouldn't sell all your stuff and give your money to the poor.  Limiting the discussion of doctrine is a practice reserved for cults.

I'm happy to admit that I'm troubled by the lack of sacrificial giving in my own life, I'm regularly challenged to give more.  Why haven't I sold all my stuff? Because I'm sure I'm in the place God wants me to be, and so I'm not going to sell the house.  I have sold a lot of my material things and given the money to the poor, but not everything and that's still a challenge. I'm challenged by my _whole life_ being an acceptable sacrifice, and that when Jesus said he's come to give life to the full I'm not sure that includes sitting in front of the TV or xbox. But they're things I'm working on, and as I grow I end up owning less stuff.  Stuff is useful for building relationships though, so it's serving a purpose for now.

When you give sacrificially that becomes the new normal, and so it's not really sacrificial any more. We're called to give according to conscience (2 Cor 9:7) and I have more than one coat (Luke 3:11), and in the spirit of the early church I'm taking more than I need (Acts 4:32–3) which means that I could give more.

It's a balance between what's profitable to my use (such as an audible subscription so I can listen to Christian audiobooks) and what's actually an indulgence, and I don't have the balance right yet.

Jesus told that rich young ruler to sell everything and give the money to the poor because he was more concerned with stuff and money than the kingdom. Whenever I hear this preached the speaker invariably starts with "But it's ok, this was specific to that man!" That's rubbish.  If you need that kind of comfort at the start of a sermon then your money and your stuff _is_ too valuable to you, and you _should_ sell it all and give your money to the poor.

**tl;dr** It's about what's in the heart. If you couldn't sell all your stuff and give all your money to the poor then you're exactly the kind of person who _should_ sell all your stuff and give all your money to the poor.
That's absolutely not politics, you need a dictionary.

I'm done being trolled by you. Good day, sir.
And I'm talking about hypocrisy, specifically your's, because you called me out specifically on a piece of Scripture that *you* interpret one way (which is different than the vast majority of interpretations) when you don't practice said interpretation yourself.

I'm not interested in your little guilt trips regarding sacrifice, I'm perfectly confident in my ability to *never* be able to do enough to repay my debt. Which is why I'm thankful that Christ paid it for me.

And you're again misrepresenting my claim. My claim wasn't that the message Jesus gave wasn't applicable to multitudes - *but that the message had context, and involved a choice.* While you want to make it a matter of ***poli***cy, which means it's under threat of governmental punishment. No longer a choice, no long charity.

You're kidding me, right?
Actually, this started by me stating that Jesus telling a ruler of the time that he should sell everything and give his money to the poor *was a political action.*

You made it about yourself, and you're refusing to discuss any doctrine around giving.  I replied specifically to say that I was talking about Jesus's action at the time being political, and I also replied with relevant scriptural reference about giving and talked about my own position without trying to guilt trip you at all.

I told you to listen to your conscience, which is scriptural, because you seem really bothered by it and are refusing to discuss it, instead choosing to throw dirt.

I'm really disappointed.  I'm an askreddit mod, I get mud slung at me _all the time_ and I come here for a reasonable discussion about Christianity with fellow Christians.  Instead I get someone telling me that they're not prepared to talk to me about giving and calling me a hypocrite when all I did was ask you to provide a doctrinal basis for your statement.  This is /r/Christian, I thought this was exactly the place to talk about doctrine.

But it all started with a simple bit of evidence of Jesus being political.
>Actually, this started by me stating that Jesus telling a ruler of the time that he should sell everything and give his money to the poor was a *political action*. (emphasis *YOURS*)

Thanks for making it easy to prove you wrong: 

> political action

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/political%20action

>I'm an askreddit mod

Nice appeal to authority, goes well with all the other fallacies you used. Peace out.
Jesus was establishing the Kingdom of God on earth, in direct opposition to the religious organisation that Judaism had become. He started a whole new covenant, which is what the old order was established upon. He did away with the law.

I really don't understand why you think Jesus wasn't a political figure.
"...Jesus answered, ‘My kingdom is not of this world. If My kingdom were of this world, My servants would fight, so that I would not be delivered to the Jews; but now My kingdom is not from here’"
Would you care to expand? You haven't really made a point.
Spiritual Discernment

>The spiritual gift of discernment is also known as the gift of "discernment of spirits" or "distinguishing between spirits."  The Greek word for the gift of discernment is Diakrisis.  The word describes being able to distinguish, discern, judge or appraise a person, statement, situation, or environment.  In the New Testament it describes the ability to distinguish between spirits as in 1 Corinthians 12:10, and to discern good and evil as in Hebrews 5:14. 

>The Holy Spirit gives the gift of discernment to enable certain Christians to clearly recognize and distinguish between the influence of God, Satan, the world, and the flesh in a given situation. The church needs those with this gift to warn believers in times of danger or keep them from being led astray by false teaching.  See also I Corinthians 12:10, Acts 5:3-6; 16:16-18; 1 John 4:1.

I have been given this gift, but I must admit there are times when it feels like a curse. I can discern the good from the evil. I can see the evil in their eyes, I can hear the evil in their voice, I can feel the evil in their presence, I can comprehend the evil in their writings (yes, there are many demonic possessed people on the Christian subs teaching Satan’s lies), I can see the evil in a photo or video, I can see, hear, and feel the evil emulating out of people on the TV.

I could write volumes on the different personalities of demons, from the smooth talking persuasive ones, the skinny frail “troll like” ones, to the warrior hulks that could tear you apart in seconds, who come at you like a freight train, but stop inches from your face, for they know their place and what God allows them to do. Needless to say, they are all mean, nasty, evil beings that are all around us in a dimension we cannot perceive, a dimension we call the spirit world.

When I come across a demon they are aware of my gift and aware that I can see them. They do their best to intimidate, persecute, and attack me, but our Lord allows only what is best for me (it doesn’t always feel this way when the crap is being scared out of you) and then other times they will flee from me in fear. It has been quite the bumpy ride over the years and I wish I could have done more with the gifts the Lord has bestowed upon me (forgive me Lord, for You know I am wretched). 

I am here to warn you that God is lifting His staying hand of protection allowing Scripture to unfold just as it is written. Demonic possession of this world’s leaders has increased exponentially over the last ten or so years (I have watched it grow) and this includes most people in positions of power and influence, along with many of the common people that one meets everyday. 

My further warning is to be prepared for Satan to rule this world. Do not believe the lies that you are bombarded with from every direction; hold close to God’s word, read Scripture for yourself so you can discern the good from the evil. You must stand fast with God’s word as the world explodes with evil all around you. You will be called a hater, bigot, racist, and one who is standing in the way of progress and must be eliminated.

I am old, tired, and well worn down because with each passing day I see more goats and less sheep. I believe this is the falling away Paul tells us must happen before the Son of Perdition is revealed. 

Please pray the Lord to give me strength, for the growing evil taking control of this world is beginning to wear me out.

The Lord’s will be done!

EDIT: I would be remiss if I didn’t mention the angels of God, although I cannot see them, they make their presence known to me at the most appropriate times. 

Amen. 
Hi Pisitis.  I was looking at my "message" inbox and saw an old message and thought I hadn't seen any reddit posts from you recently so I searched and saw this post and it was so very encouraging to read.

My husband has such a profound gift of discernment.  It leads to some issues though, as this gift is increasing in my life as well.  I am seeing how angry people get if I dare question some Christian teacher they think is a "prophet" or inspired but then we can just see right through all the charades.  When it is a "gift" we just "know."  It really is quite simple.  But it does feel like a curse at times.  But I certainly wouldn't want to be deceived and it appears hat the deception is growing in some circles for sure. 


God bless. That can't be easy but it was a gift given to you for a purpose. 
Amen

My hours got cut recently (at a job I love) and I have already expressed interest in picking up more hours to my boss (who is a wonderful person, basically like a mother to me). But long story short, all my husband and I can pay for is rent, groceries, health insurance, other necessary bills. No entertainment, no new clothes, no eating out, etc. 

I really feel God calling me to tithe but I don't know where to take the money from. I really want to express my love in this way. 

Does anyone have any suggestions?

*Edit*

Part of the issue is that my very logical husband thinks we should take a step back from tithing while he is finishing up his last year of school until he graduates in May. And as far as tithing my time, I don't have a car, and so I have no way of getting around town when my husband is in class or at his job. 

*update*

After praying for a few months, my husband got offered a paid internship which is bringing in a little more cash. We are now able to cheerfully give 5% and praying to eventually give a full 10% tithe. Once he graduates and gets a full time job it will be much easier to increase our generosity in many ways. 
If it is financially foolish to give 10%, unless God is convicting both you & your husband, don't do it.    
  
Be faithful where you are. If your finances are in a horrible state, then perhaps the two of you need to work on budgetting. Start by giving 0.5% of your income or some small number. Doesn't matter pre or post tax. Just that both of you agree that it is reasonable and right. Give it to God with a thankful & cheerful heart. It's not like God is going to judge you based on how much you give. Each time you tithe, consider the things you spend money on... and whether we are storing our treasures in heaven... or here on earth. Invest not just money, but as others have said... time & service. Prayer, calling people to check up on them, serving the church in tasks that don't require travel.
  
Tithing is a tough issue. I don't believe there's an easy pat answer. It's easy to go down the road of prosperity gospel, so keep an eye out for those who think giving to God is a simple straightforward thing.  
  
  
I heard a preacher once say tithing is not just about a dollar amount. Give ten percent of your time if you can't afford ten percent of your paycheck.
When you tithe, everything else goes further. Your gas will last longer, your clothes last longer, etc... God always gives you more than you need to return to Him the 10% He asks; and it's a reminder to you who provides for you.

Quite frankly, you can't afford not to tithe; especially if you're under conviction that you should. It's for our own benefit, and there is a blessing you don't want to miss when you put God first.
There is a wonderful formula: Give God His portion 1st, then deal with the others.

Tithe is 10% Of your 'income.' If you make $100 dollars, and rent is $70, gas is $20 and phone bill is $5; you definitely won't have enough to tithe. However, that's the wrong order of things. If you give tithe first, you're guaranteed everytime to have the right amount!

“*He will keep every soul that is brought into perplexity through trying to keep the way of the Lord.*” 

- “*Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, so that there may be food in My house, and test Me now in this," says the Lord of hosts, "if I will not open for you the windows of heaven and pour out for you a blessing until it overflows.*” - ***Malachi 3:10 NASB***
**2 Corinthians 9:6-13** should be your guide.  

It's not about a flat % *(Inb4 Someone tries to take Malachi 3:10 out of context and say "yes it is! 10%!")* or a specific dollar amount.  The passage I cited is very plain on giving. 

Give what you purpose to give, and do it gladly - even if its less than you normally would due to the change in circumstances. :)
This should be all you need to know.  Read or listen. I suggest you listen to the mp3 though as it really makes the message more profound.



http://salvationbygrace.org/current-qa/tithing/

http://www.salvationbygrace.org/Audio/Deuteronomy/001_Talking_About_Tithing.mp3

We all have been there. But we have learned to obey God and trust in Him, by putting Him first in everything. We have seen results to this and continue to expect.
Tithing is not about compliance but reverencing God and should be done without any duress, as with a cheerful heart. Talk with Him and lay before Him all that are of concern, but you cannot get around the fact that tithing is usually an act of sacrifice (meaning something you rather not give away). When tithing of time and other such items is usually due to the person having no money, which does not sound to be your case. It should not be used as a substitute for not giving of the 10%. But tithing in time, talent etc. is also beneficial based on the golden rule. Sow to Reap. The more we release our anxieties over tithing is the more we are telling God, He is our source. Which is what he wants. God is always trying to "grow" us up for His will and only with this type of "vision" can be plow through some of our mistakes and challenges.

I know it can be difficult, but with tithing, a offering can go a long way to resolve financial or other needs. This can be anything, when done in the right manner, and because we can name that seed, then we can be specific to our need. 

Fill up on the word concerning tithing and offering and stand on them with confession.
Christians aren't called to give 10%.  That's adherence to the Law, which we are free from.  But we are called to give, and we need to look in the new testament to see how that should work in our own lives.

Mark 12:41-44 tells a story of a woman giving all she had, and Jesus is in favour.  The early church in Acts (2:44-45) says that all who believed were together, and had all things in common, and sold their possessions and goods, and divided them among all, as anyone had need.

We're also told that God will supply our needs if we put His kingdom first.

Giving should be sacrificial. We should give more than we can afford.  This is difficult, it's a test of faith but God blesses us when we step out in faith to follow Him.

God wants you to live an outrageously faith filled life.  Following the advice of many here to put your finances first, then follow God seems to me to be encouraging a boring life of conforming to what the world expects of you, not what God expects of you.
Totally agree. Giving back with generosity of spirit is the important thing. It doesn't have to be 10% of your cash, just your resources-- that includes your time and energy-- prayers count as well.
This is a softening of the gospel.  Romans 12:1 tells us what our reasonable service is - our _whole lives_.

If you're portioning off 'Christian' time from your 'normal' time then you're missing the point.

Same with your money.  It's not yours, it's Gods. Your reward comes later, your reasonable (not exceptional) service on this earth is your whole life. Not part of it. Not 10% of it.
Amen. A blessed 90% goes way farther than a non blessed 100%
I agree with you other than "the 10% He asks".  

Not only does that seem to be a misunderstanding of the old testament (where there was more than one tithe), but it's adherence to the law which we, as Christians, are freed from (Galatians et al).

We should give beyond comfort. It shouldn't stop at 10%.

The church in Acts gave everything, then shared it out according to need.
I wholeheartedly agree with this.  God promises to supply our needs, and by putting your faith in Him to supply your needs you'll see God at work.
So you have always given 10% since your first job...because if not you are casting the first stone.
If you're feeling guilty because of what I've said then that's not my doing. I didn't give you a conscience.

I haven't condemned you at all, but I have said, and used scripture to back me up, that I think your point is not representative of what the Bible actually says.

I'm really curious about your point.  It suggests that we can't discuss what the Bible says unless we've been living it 100% since we were saved.  That in itself counters what the Bible describes in justification and sanctification, but we can't discuss it because I've not lived the Bible 100% since conversion?
 I just copied and pasted this from Salvationbygrace.org

I thought people would actually read it versus submitting a link only a few would actually click on and then read. It's semi-long so here we go.

Q – Hi Pastor Jim. How are you? By the way, great sermon yesterday. It seems as though everyone runs into a brick wall when they start discussing election, doesn’t it?

On that subject, I was wondering if you could point me to verses in the Bible (at least 3) which reference the names of the elect having been written in the Book of Life before the world was formed. I know it’s in Revelation 17:8, is it mentioned anywhere else? (A friend) and I were talking yesterday and we started discussing church. You’ll be glad to know that he no longer thinks I’m involved in a cult; now he’s upset that I’m attending a church that teaches that “ridiculous theory of predestination” (his words, not mine). He said that everyone on the earth has been given free will to choose whether or not to accept Christ as our Savior. He said that it started in the Garden of Eden when Adam and Eve had the choice of obeying God and not eating of the forbidden fruit and gaining eternal life but chose, instead, to eat of it.

Of the few instances that I can find that free will is mentioned in the Bible, I infer that they are referring to offerings given to God and not referring to salvation. Of course, I could be wrong in my understanding of the use of free will and offerings in the Bible. So please correct me if I’m wrong.

For me personally, the strongest argument I can make for election is that our names were written in the Lamb’s Book of Life before the foundation of the world. That lets me know that all those many years ago before there were birds in the air and animals on the ground and fish in the sea, God thought of me and graciously gave me the gift of eternal salvation. WOW!!! What great comfort I find in that; it makes me feel safe.

Thank you, thank you, thank you.


Jim – As I have said repeatedly, truth does not bend according to its popularity. And the vast majority of the “christian” world has been raised on the synergistic concept of man’s cooperation with God, resulting in salvation. But, as you rightly pointed out, the word “freewill” only appears in the Old Testament with respect to offerings that could be given after all of the required tithes and offerings had been met. But – and this is vitally important – the word “freewill” or any variation thereof never appears in the New Testament and never ever in the context of salvation.

In stark contrast, words like “predestined – predestinated – foreknowledge – elect – election – foreordained” appear with regularity and are always the basis for Pauline teaching on salvation. So, when someone says something like, “that ridiculous theory of predestination,” it shows that they have never really stood toe-to-toe with the Bible and read it for what it actually says. The staunchest brick wall opposition I regularly encounter to God’s word is always built on traditions of men; never on the clear word of Scripture. Our fleshly, human ego just loves the idea that our “will” is totally at liberty. Yet, the Bible tells us that we are “dead in trespasses and sins.” Human tradition refuses to believe that. And Biblical salvation is always based on God’s free and sovereign grace, His will and His good pleasure; never on our will or works. Again, human tradition refuses to believe that.

Anyway, you asked for some verses to support the notion that God wrote down the names of His elect people before the foundation of the world. Here’s a fair sampling.

Perhaps the most persuasive argument Paul wrote in favor of God’s electing grace and predestinating will is found in the first two chapters of the book of Ephesians. It’s a passage Arminians simply cannot deal with. Read it and look carefully at what is being said. Here’s a pericope for purposes of your question:

“Blessed (be) the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly (places) in Christ: even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blemish before him in love: having foreordained us unto adoption as sons through Jesus Christ unto himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, which he freely bestowed on us in the Beloved.” (Eph 1:3-6) ASV

Look at those words. God blessed us with all spiritual blessings, which blessings are in Christ, even as God chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world. Those words are inescapable and they must mean something. You cannot twist those words (though many have tried) to make them say that man chooses God in the course of time and history. It is clear that it is God who does the choosing. And when did He choose? “Before the foundation of the world.” The KJV renders that passage thusly:

“According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love: having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.” (Eph 1:4-6)

The King James Version uses the specific word “predestinated” to describe the working of God in choosing particular people for salvation. And what motivated that work? “The good pleasure of His will.” Nothing – absolutely nothing – is said in the first two chapters of Ephesians about the will of the creature being considered in the process of choosing and electing.

And what is the result of God acting so unilaterally in this matter? “The praise of the glory of His grace.” That’s why God does things the way He does them, in order that all the praise and glory goes to Him. The creatures would love some of that praise and glory, so they attempt to impose the notion of their “free will” onto God’s plan of redemption. But, you never find that notion advanced in the pages of your Bible.

And, I love that last phrase, “Wherein (referring to His grace) He hath made us accepted in the beloved.” Christ is “the beloved.” We are accepted because of the finished, complete work accomplished by Christ on our behalf. And God Himself has made us accepted. We did not accomplish some feat (like whipping up adequate faith, doing enough good works, saying the Sinner’s Prayer, or “making” Jesus our Lord and Savior), that obligated God to accept us. He made us acceptable.

Like I said, read those two chapters. Then take a deep breath. The truth is overwhelming.
Okay, other verses along the same vein:

“We speak wisdom, however, among them that are fullgrown: yet a wisdom not of this world, nor of the rulers of this world, who are coming to nought: but we speak God’s wisdom in a mystery, (even) the (wisdom) that hath been hidden, which God foreordained before the worlds unto our glory.” (1 Cor. 2:6-7) ASV

The wisdom Paul spoke of is the wisdom of God revealed in the Gospel of salvation by grace through faith, without the works of the flesh. That gospel, in its entirety, including the wonderful proclamations of the book of Ephesians, was not only hidden to previous generations, but it was foreordained by God “before the worlds unto our glory.” We will be glorified in accordance to the plan of God, which plan He ordained before making the worlds.

And even our good works get us no credit, because He ordained our works:

“For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.” (Eph. 2:10) KJV

The whole point of God electing, foreordaining and predestining certain individuals is that the glory, praise, worship and honor MUST redound to Him alone. That’s what Paul wrote here:

“Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light: Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son: In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins: Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature: For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him: And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.” (Col. 1:12-18) KJV

It is absolutely impossible to have a synergistic system that gives Christ “the preeminence.” Paul argued that He was “before all things and by him all things consist.” Yet, our Arminian opponents would argue that everything falls under His jurisdiction and sovereign control, except the single most important element of human life – our eternal destiny. That’s the one thing they simply refuse to hand over to the One who made them. But, the truth is that all things were made by Him and for Him. They all redound to His glory. And the salvation of His creatures tops that list.

And look at the list of things we should give thanks to God for: HE made us appropriate to be counted among the saints; HE delivered us from the power of darkness; HE translated us into the kingdom of His Son; IN HIS SON we have redemption; IN HIS SON we have forgiveness of sin. And His Son will have the preeminence over absolutely everyone and everything.

Now, where is the will of man in that equation? Nowhere.

“Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began, but is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel.” (2 Tim. 1:9-10) KJV

Here Paul writes to Timothy and we see again how intrinsic this concept is to Paul’s overarching theology. Paul declares to the young preacher that it is God who saved us, called us, did not consider our works, but acted according to His own purpose and grace, which grace was “given us in Christ Jesus before the world began.”

So, the natural question is: “Did God give this grace, leading to salvation, to everyone?” Nope – or else everyone would be saved. Before the world began, God called His people (Paul uses the word “us”) with a special “holy calling.” Why? Because those are the people God “saved.” The saved get called, according to God’s purpose and grace, given to “us” in Christ, before the world began. That’s plain and inescapable language. And it’s exactly in keeping with what Paul wrote to the Church at Rome:

“And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.” (Rom 8:28-30) KJV

There is only one group of people under consideration in that passage. In verse 28, Paul refers to them as “the called according to his (God’s) purpose.” Paul then goes on to describe God’s interaction with “the called.” They are the ones whom God did “foreknow.” They are the ones He “did predestinate to be conformed to the image of His Son.” They – those very same people – are the ones He called. Those very same called people are “justified.” And those very same foreknown, predestined, called, justified people are the ones “he also glorified.”

Not one single word is mentioned about what man does. There’s no mention of man’s will, choice, or action. God is the mover. Man is the recipient of an astounding grace. That grace is predicated on what God chose to do in accordance with His own will and purpose. This is such a primary concept in Paul’s theology that he opens letters with it. Think about that. Paul drops this pearl of unfathomable wisdom into the opening sentence of his letters to Timothy and Titus because it is inextricably woven into the warp and woof of his thinking.

“Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God’s elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness; in hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began.” (Titus 1:1-2) KJV

You simply cannot understand Paul if you do not recognize how deeply ingrained this was in his thinking. He calls himself an apostle “according to the faith of God’s elect.” Do you understand that phrase? There is a faith that is unique, shared by all of “God’s elect.” The world does not believe what the elect believe. The elect acknowledge “the truth which is after godliness.” The elect have the “hope of eternal life.” That hope is given by God. And God cannot lie. So, when did God promise eternal life to the elect? “Before the world began.”

“Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers; but with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot: Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.” (1 Peter 1:18-21) KJV

The death of Christ, resulting in the salvation of His elect, was “foreordained before the foundation of the world.” The totality of the plan of God, from the determination to crucify His Son, to the specific individuals who would reap the benefits of His grace, was determined “before the foundation of the world.” That’s because God does not change. He does not change His intention, His purpose or His mind. He does things on purpose. He determines both the ends and the means. And once He determined to save specific people, He went about the task of accomplishing His complete will and purpose.

This is so true, that Jude writes that certain men were also ordained to be condemned:

“Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.” (Jude 3-4) KJV

Ungodly men were “before of old ordained” to be condemned. And what was the condemnation they were ordained to? That they denied “the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ.” Now that statement alone ought to be enough to convince us that God’s electing grace is not scattered abroad to every individual who chooses to take advantage of it. Whereas some people are ordained to eternal life, others are “before of old ordained to this condemnation.” That is only possible if you believe that God is completely, utterly and supremely sovereign. And concepts of man’s free will simply cannot stand up against these sorts of bold, decisive declarations.

Then, of course, you mentioned the book of Revelation. There are actually several verses in John’s epistle that address our topic. For instance:

“The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.” (Rev 17:8)

Why do the people left on the earth after the Church is gone wonder after the beast? It’s because their “names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world.” If their names had been written there, they would have been taken off the earth with the Church. But they remain simply because they were not written.

“And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.” (Rev 13:8)

Same deal. All those that are still dwelling on the earth when the beast and his false prophet are revealed will worship those demonic entities. Why? Because their “names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.”

And even at the final judgment, this book is used as evidence against the condemned populace:

“And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.” (Rev 20:12-15)

There are books opened. But, there’s another book, “which is the book of life.” The dead are judged out the things that are written in the other books – apparently a record of their deeds and works. They are not judged according to the book of life. Why? Because their names are not in it. What is the result? “Whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast in to the lake of fire.”

Now, when we put that all together, we have God writing names in a book before the foundation of the world. And we also have God eternally condemning those people whose names are not in the book. So, if it’s God who writes the names, then it also God who does not write names. And Christ is indeed the judge of the living and the dead, in its most extreme and sovereign form. Yet, that is exactly what the Bible declares.

“Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world.” (Acts 15:18)

So, when I make statements like that, I have ample Biblical precedent for what I’m saying. To the contrary, those who promote the notion of man’s libertarian freedom have nothing – just flat nothing – on which to base their assertions. Yet, they will denounce us, call us a cult, or accuse us of teaching some wild heresy. But, the truth is the truth, regardless of any man’s (or every man’s) opinion.

Yours in Him,
Jim Mc.
[deleted]
Who said this was a big problem to begin with?  
  
How about I start a conversation saying everyone has a problem with the love of money? I think we'd be starting off on the wrong foot is what I'd think...  
  
I think this is a more "I follow Apollo or I follow Paul..." kind of issue.
Oh I do take the time to explain it all. It's just most won't listen from the get go. They try on purpose to make it more difficult than it is. They want a simple one or two sentence answer.  And it's not a short answer, it takes a bit to explain everything. I provide links, I can explain it in my own words. Even link YouTube videos on certain topics and I get responses like, " I'm not going to watch an old bald dude explain something for 15 minutes." Like the fact that he's old and bald somehow has an impact on his information on the subject. Once I get to these remarks, I know I'm just being lead around. 

I posted this so the people who genuinely have questions and get confused by other peoples ramblings, can sit and read just a page worth's of information. Information that will start them down the correct path to understanding one of the great topics if not the most important topic in the bible.

 I don't come on here and answer questions to reel people into a cool club. Some do and I just don't care. I do it because I see errors. I see people saying things that just aren't biblical. And they keep saying it because they're either stubborn, were raised that way and don't realize their ignorance. Now that's not  an ugly word. Ignorance is just not knowing. Some people have legitimate questions and I answer to the best of my knowledge so far as I have studied the bible. I haven't studied as much as my pastor. I have the drive to do so now granted to me by God. 
 
He pushed me to study as much as I do now. I wasn't like this a few years ago. I always believed what I believe but, the effort wasn't there as it is now. I think this one page of information is just a great start and answers a lot. It did for me. I mean it really explained stuff I didn't even know I should care about. Down to (at the time to me) minor details.

 As explained very thoroughly in the Q&A, predestination, elect, election, choosing, names written in the Lamb's Book of Life before the foundation of the world is talked about and is a primary subject in the bible. I wanted people who don't see this to get a glimpse of it. I hope some people are letting this set in. I've gotten a few upvotes so far, so I'm happy already. If it only stays at two or three, I'm glad that maybe two or three people will have probably taken the time to learn or re-absorb this information.
I had this issue immediately creep up in several threads. Where people on here, atheists, armenians, Catholics and the such just attacking me, without any evidence. Just a couple of verses that are mistranslated or misquoted.
 
I decided to post this as a starting point for said people and for a couple others I saw just had legitimate questions. That already had some good basics out of the way but, needed some gaps filled in.

Well what's stopping you from starting a thread based off the love of money? Anything can be an issue if people take it too far in their daily life.

 Think what you think. I posted it on different ideas though.
[deleted]
You post that people have a problem. And you didn't expect the vast majority of people to have a defensive reaction? I'm not sure exactly what you were expecting. People have that kind of reaction to the Gospel and God.    
  
If you are actually trying to win people over, this isn't really the way to do it. A wall of text really doesn't move people towards your way of thinking. If so, I imagine Jesus would have pointed to the bible and went on his merry way. Are you trying to prove that you are right? Are you actually trying to be loving to those who don't believe the same things you do? Truth by itself is insufficient. We are called to Truth with Love. Your heart may be in the right place, but it feels more like you're trying to prove a point rather than love people. Just my two cents. Peace.
I don't assume the worst. I always continue taking the time to explain and explain until they are satisfied. Either for or against what they hear. I never condemn people or point and say what they are doing is wrong. I just show them biblical answers. It's up to God if he wants that clear message to reach them. It's up to God if they are or aren't saved. I feel no guilt or sorrow and I shouldn't. I'm not the judge and I'm not trying to be. And I don't waste my time on people who clearly don't want to or can't hear. 

I've posted this to people who are confused or have knowledge but, just not enough. Which is why I titled it to people having issues. It might be a good issue, like them just missing a small part somewhere and needing some gaps filled in. While some other people might have very bad issues against it. And in me posting this, they will have a lot to explain for first before going off on a tirade. 

So essentially I did this to cover basic's. To have a starting point for this topic in this subreddit. From there we can either differentiate people who are confused, little behind, in stark opposition, or just looking to stir up trouble with no valid argument or goal.
I did put a lot. Does a lot not equal a great amount. I didn't put a few people.

I'm not trying to win anyone over. That's not my job. Or anyone's. God picks and chooses his people. He will get them no matter what. He may use me or someone else as a tool for that purpose but, that's also up to him.  

Now the bible is well a bible. A compendium of books. And if a person has a problem reading a sing page of text, then what hope do they have with an entire bible. People like yourself also like to interject love, is this God's greatest attribute? Does He have cherubs flying around His head saying, " Love, Love, Love!!"? No, they are saying, " Holy, Holy, Holy!!" People say God is love. And while this is partly true, it does most definitely not supersede His holiness. Did by love, He judge the earth and drown it in water and will again judge it in love and turn it to flames? No His holy judgement will be the reason. Now there is a time for love. When people are disagreeing for the sake of disagreeing, not understanding because they can't, or taking a stance that they grew up with and refuse to change. You need to back them into a corner with biblical knowledge. Let them see they are wrong. I was seeing this happen lately in this subreddit. And I was also seeing people with legit questions who just needed a few more questions answered. This is why I posted the very clear and basic study of predestination. Just a starting point. This q&a took me maybe 5 minutes to read. Do people not have 5 minutes to give to God?
[deleted]
"You need to back them into a corner with biblical knowledge."  
  
I think perhaps that is where we differ in opinion. God works mysteriously, of that there is no doubt. But as for trying to back someone into a corner, well, I don't see the point in it. I didn't say love is God's greatest attribute. It just happens to come up as the two greatest commandments. /shrug Jesus and that teacher of the law went back and forth over it. As for love... don't take what I'm saying out of context. I'm just saying that we're supposed to speak truth with love. It's in the bible. Take it as you will, friend.  
I was actually implying that as for whom I stated it for. People looking to stir up trouble or have no ending goal in their arguement. I'm in a half way type situation in another thread with someone. And I realize where it's going. It was just another reason why I posted this Q&A my pastor did. I think you're just being overly sensitive in thinking I was directing this at you or being deceptive. If I disagree or think your wrong, I will state my belief if you are or not. Now pointing your finger at "Calvinists" and saying we're mean and hard headed. Calling us jerks. Now your walking into that line and I think your wrong. It could be you found extremists. They can leave a very bad taste in your mouth when all they say is your wrong but, that is possible and happens in all denominations. I, just as usual tend to try to keep things as civil as possible. My last line of defense isn't name calling, it's just more factual biblical statements.

I didn't ignore your statement of believing the biblical exegesis approach leads people away. It does. This same approach opens people eyes. It answers questions for people in slumps too. And if it does, it does because God willed it to.  If God wants you, he will grab you. There's no breaking that. Sure you will fight but, what He commands and wills is what happens. He's almighty. Not partly mighty and some of it is left up to us. We don't MAKE Jesus our Lord and Savior. He predestined His own elect. As stated numerous times throughout the bible, and explained effortlessly in this Q&A I posted.

Now it seems a many if not all Calvinists have deeply offended you. This was not my doing and I'm not guilty of them offending you and I don't feel guilty or ever will feel guilty for this. And going forward, I won't call you names and I won't feel guilty with what I have directly spoken to you. Why? I feel what I'm saying is biblical and the responsibility falls where it always has been and will always be on. God. So if you have issue with what I say or with what Q&A I have or will post or whatever I post. Take what I believe are facts and firstly, prove they are unbiblical. Secondly, realize that I only state what the bible states and those words don't come from me. God had people specifically write them to His accordance. Third, knowing where the word came from, take your issue up with God.

 And if am hard headed or mean spirited, which I probably could be in some people's egotistical eyes, some people see me as a stern but, biblically sound person. Able to speak God's word without fear. I'm grateful God has chosen me. I understand that I'm not worthy or that no one is. We don't build up credit over a lifetime and gain entrance based on this. It's just not biblical. What is biblical is that despite our natural sinful ways, incapable of holding the law, that was created with the purpose of showing we couldn't, God still has grace on us. I'll be a sinner till the moment I die, despite this, God willed me to be saved. Glory to him, not me. What's better than that?
And you have every right to feel indifferent in your approach. I haven't taken your comments out of context so I have no clue where that is coming from. If that's what you believe, well go ahead and satisfy yourself. 

You are making it out to be like love is a top priority. 

Peter also said some were willingly ignorant. Was truth with love supposed to reach them? No. They were predestined in this thinking. Some people require going through hard times or to stand toe to toe with a stern person and be put up against a wall with the word. Then they will realize the way they were taught was wrong. Or some just need a strong message to get through. Which is the type of people I was dealing with and specifically who I addressed this Q&A to. A lot of people here in this subreddit were having an issue, I was in several threads educating many people who all required the same knowledge. It was taking too much of my time responding to each individual. Jesus said the two greatest Commandments were to love God and love your neighbor. There is no doubt, but Jesus and God also taught very stern lessons. Did God tell Moses' sons it was okay they messed up and forgive them with love? No, they were killed for God's Holiness. And then God told Moses not to mourn over them to boot. Why? To uphold His Holiness. Now God does show the greatest acts of love too, the most I believe being, He showed us grace by sending His perfect son as the only sacrifice worthy of making us complete. Even when we still don't deserve it.

 So me taking the time to stand up to atheists here, and people with unbiblical views distorting the word. To people who just don't have enough knowledge to get the entire message. I'm taking the time to show them what the bible really teaches in hopes that God decided to get through to them. I see that as loving. You see it as too harsh. But ultimately that's not even up to me. It's God's choice on who He wants. And in our egotistical eyes, we think that is loving or harsh/unjust. To God it's His Holiness.
[deleted]
The egotistical eyes are from the bible explanations. We're all egotistical. It's a natural state we're in. So its not an insult. It's a fact. Yet some people can't control it and it comes out in their words, actions etcetera. So some of the peoples' egotistical eyes could see me hard headed. Which I agreed I could be. Some people won't see me this way but, am I still hard headed. Yes I still could be. I could be seen as stern too, just depends on who sees me at any certain point in their ever changing character and emotion. So if you take it as an insult. I think you're just being really overly sensitive and taking things personal. And you shouldn't. But then it might make you feel good to feel vindicated and guess what that appeases, you're right, your ego!! Maybe not, who knows. So whatever makes you happy.

And you're right, I don't seek the forgiveness of mankind. I seek forgiveness from Jesus. It's all that matters to me really.

Could you please add some more background and context to the story so that we may pray for you? I hope all is well with you today. :)
K.
Yes, thank u. I have an extensive history in alcohol and drug abuse. However, I radically saved when I was 15 yrs old. Since that point...I have been in at least 16 treatment programs. I Will not give up in Jesus name! Our daughter is a gift from Jesus. Her name is Eve Abigail. Eve's mother has been mostly clean (except illicit sex with me (and prior to me) and some drinking over a yr and a half ago.. She has been clean and sober for about 12 yrs. She was raised in an awful setting and was abused physically. Her mother has since come to Christ. Eve's mother came to Christ when she was 23. She's now 35. I am 37. There is another part of this. I was engaged in 2008 to a Southern Indian (Chirala) missionary. She thought ( because I have a daughter) that I was married with a family. However, that's not true. I'm pursuing Christ now. I do only want to marry the woman called to be my helpmeet. I must not marry only because I have a daughter with another woman. Eve's mother loves Jesus. She also has 3 older children living at home--ages--17,14 and 5.. And our baby Eve. Thank u for prayer. In Christ's Name..bless u
My cousin killed in the war and has had friends w/ PTSD that have committed suicide. He said he had read the bible and he and them all will go to purgatory. I'm a little rusty with the word but can someone help me show him this isn't true. 
Moses killed an Egyptian and God used him in a big way. Paul persecuted Christians and God used him in a big way. Your cousin is not beyond God's love and redemption because of what he did. Did Jesus die for all sins for those who love him, or just most of them? God doesn't look upon our sins and go "uh oh, I didn't see that one comming. Jesus' blood isn't sufficient for sin THAT bad." No. He died for all sins. I pray that God brings peace to your cousin.
fairly sure paul was putting christians to death before the Lord appeared to him and put him on the right path.. sins as red as scarlet becomes white as snow through him. 
My first thought is don't be afraid to use some professional help for vets. Whether that's him meeting 1v1 with someone or going to a group setting of vets (even American Legion with many generations of vets). They tend to open up more around peers, but you know your cousin better than us so use good judgement.

Your a good person for wanting to help him out. There are books big and small on heaven out there. We just lost our son and a 20 page book on what the Bible says about heaven has been very helpful. We haven't seen a mention of purgatory (we're protestant, if that matters). Basically it's a "Bible facts" book, not a book on people's ideas of heaven.
Romans 8:1 u/versebot

Gotta be one of the favorite verses of any sinner....
>...read the Bible
>...purgatory

Where?
I would say have your cousin read The Sermon on the Mount. Have him realize the depth of how sinful we all are big and small there's no difference we are all sinners. That to even have anger towards another is to commit murder and that was what he did was not murder none the less it was some kind of killing and they resonate with him. Have him really understand what it means in the sense of forgiveness because it sounds like your description is saying he is looking for forgiveness and to eventually be able to be with him. Also losing faith is not an effective way to reach God if that's what he's really worried about. Jesus loves him more than anybody else in the world and Jesus is also still with him now constantly calling on his heart to try to heal him and let him lay his burdens on him so he can rest. Your cousin is a hero but all heroes need someone to look up to. Have him read in the Gospels and develop a sense Jesus's personality. Help him to see that he can look to Christ and his personality as a way to start shaping himself big or small it doesn't matter. Also remind him that Purgatory is an idea that is specifically Catholic and the idea itself should be researched more before being completely believes. My personal beliefs are that it's a completely false idea and does not actually exist but instead of trying to push that idea and you I encourage you to look these things up and share them with him. Remember faith is from Grace and righteousness is attributed through faith. Abraham was considered righteous before God because he had faith not because of his actions. All the Great Men of the Bible and women we're all attributed righteousness to them because of faith. Focus on developing that faith No matter how weak it might seem holding on to it. As we hold on to our faith no matter how deep our struggles go we are holding onto Christ holding on to the one person who understands in the one person who can save us for everything that seems to swarm around us. I wish you and your cousin the best and I will definitely be adding you to my prayers. With love best of luck
Ecclesiastes 3:8
New International Version
a time to love and a time to hate, a time for war and a time for peace.
I don't think the professional help is helping. He takes meds but it is getting worse. 

Sorry about your son, I could never imagine the pain. My brother died at 6 months and it was so hard on my Mom and Dad. :(
We'll keep you, and yours, in our family prayers. There's no greater pain, but trust in the Lord, and your loved ones. 

My sincere condolences. 
[Romans 8:1] /u/versebot

edit: Preceded u/versebot with a slash. Omitting it causes Catebot to also respond because it doesn't recognize it as a valid callout.

I'll try to get him to read something. I forgot that his baby momma of 2 kids is Jewish and maybe they believe something different then Christians and thats why he is saying this. I feel like he uses his PTSD as an excuse but maybe it isn't. We don't live in the same state so its hard to really know. He just told "Dont bother praying for me because the bible says there is no place for murderers or people who commit suicide."  I was just trying to pray for him and his PTSD. 
[**Romans 8:1 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+8&version=ESV)

>

>**Life in the Spirit**  
[**1**] There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^kono_hito_wa ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4p1ag3/need_help_my_cousin_is_a_vet_with_ptsd_and_losing/d4i5y7m} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4p1ag3/need_help_my_cousin_is_a_vet_with_ptsd_and_losing/d4i5y7m} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
[**Romans 8:1 | Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (RSVCE)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+8&version=RSVCE)

>

>**Life in the Spirit**  
[**1**] There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.  


***
[^Code](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot) ^| [^Contact ^Dev](/message/compose/?to=konohitowa) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| ^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 


Thanks for the info!
Well he is completely and utterly wrong about what the bible says. If he is serious about his faith he should do research on how we are all saved by grace through faith in Christ. Best of luck to you!
"Hatespeech" is an Orwellian Newspeak term, in the same vein as other Newspeak words like "wrongthink" and "thoughtcrime."

This week, the hash tag #IStandWithHateSpeech has been trending on Twitter in response to the EU's pact with major tech companies including Facebook, Twitter, Google and Microsoft to crack down on free speech a.k.a. "hatespeech". If you thought the neocons somewhat dodgy definition of "terrorist" was bad, the twisted terminology of today's Social Justice Whiners will prove that you ain't seen nothin yet.

Among the completely justified outrage of the populace against the EU's blatant disregard for a core Western democratic political principle (freedom of speech) I'd like to point out an interesting feature of the philosophy of one of my favorite authors, C. S. Lewis.

Lewis's philosophy included the idea that all our passions had some corresponding object to which they could be properly directed. Thus, according to Lewis, there are no bad emotions/passions, only bad choices. The choice to indulge an emotion when it should be stifled / suppressed is a bad choice. The choice to stifle / suppress an emotion when it should be given free reign is also a bad choice. The right path, as argued in "The Abolition of Man", is to pursue all the passions at the appropriate times, and not at the inappropriate times.

And most interestingly of all, Lewis thought that there must be an appropriate time for every human passion. His apologetic "Argument from Joy" totally depends on this premise. And "All the passions" even included hatred.

Yes, you read that right. C. S. Lewis actually defended hatred. He held that even hatred has an appropriate time. This is shown by a scene in his science fiction novel "Perelandra: Voyage to Venus" in which the main character has to confront the Un-Man: a creature of pure absolute evil, which was no longer a person but was given completely over to total evil:

"Then an experience that perhaps no good man can ever have in our world came over pima torrent of perfectly unmixed and lawful hatred. The energy of hating, never before felt without some guilt, without some dim knowledge that he was failing fully to distinguish the sinner from the sin, rose into his arms and legs till he felt that they were pillars of burning blood. What was before him appeared no longer a creature of corrupted will. It was corruption itself to which will was attached only as an instrument. Ages ago it had been a Person: but the ruins of personality now survived in it only as weapons at the disposal of a furious self-exiled negation. It is perhaps difficult to understand why this filled Ransom not with horror but with a kind of joy. The joy came from finding at last what hatred was made for. As a boy with an axe rejoices on finding a tree, or a boy with a box of coloured chalks rejoices on finding a pile of perfectly white paper, so he rejoiced in the perfect congruity between his emotion and its object. Bleeding and trembling with weariness as he was, he felt that nothing was beyond his power, and when he flung himself upon the living Death, the eternal Surd in the universal mathematic, he was astonished, and yet (on a deeper level) not astonished at all, at his own strength. His arms seemed to move quicker than his thought. His hands taught him terrible things. He felt its rib break, he heard its jaw-bone crack. The whole creature seemed to be crackling and splitting under his blows. His own pains, where it tore him, somehow failed to matter. He felt that he could so fight, so hate with a perfect hatred, for a whole year."

Hatred, in this passage, is a good thing. There is an appropriate time for it. Hatred is for when one is confronted with total absolute evil. Such times come very seldom, if ever, in our ordinary experience. But every passion has an appropriate corresponding object, even hatred.

That appropriate object for hatred, in Christian moral philosophy, is sin. Christians are actually supposed to love sinners, but hate sin, and hating sin is not an optional extra in that formula.

So while the main point of #IStandWithHateSpeech isn't that actual hate is justified, there is a serious philosophical argument to be made that hatred is not always bad, and can be the appropriate moral response in at least some things in some circumstances. I rather think, though, that the SJWs obvious hatred of anyone who disagrees with them is not an example of exercising hatred appropriately.

"To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven" -- Ecclesiastes 3:1
I wonder whether preaching the gospel falls in line with hate speech. Will it be a crime in the future to proselytize since it may be "offensive" to some? I wouldn't be surprised if proselytizing is seen as "forcing one's opinions on others" or "offensive" (like saying homosexuality is a sin), and thus be categorized as "hate speech." 

If hypothetically this happens and proselytizing is a crime, what are we Christians to do?

I feel that banning hate speech will hinder our ability to evangelize as Christians..
I think there is no question that is what this category of "hatespeech" is really for. Even if that's not what it is used for at first, this is a "slow and steady wins the race" kind of thing.
Agreed! 
“I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." Jn14:6 The exclusivity of Christ is being defined as hateful towards all other religions. The real issue is when is hating wrong. Christians believe we must all hate sin.
http://seriouslychristian.com/secularism/secular-semantics/
Agreed. I just hope more Christians see through it before it's too late. It's probably already too late though :/

If you're concentrating on prayer during sex there is something seriously wrong
??????
Depends. If you're praying to Thor, it's going well.
So I've been a Christian for pretty much my whole life, so 21 years, and been to quite a few different churches and the one thing I've noticed recently is that I don't find a lot of nerdy friends in the church who take both seriously. I might find someone whose nerdy and reads comics and plays video games and such but doesn't actually like the church... or vice versa.

My current church (which I can't leave due to school reasons) doesn't have anyone my age that's into geek/nerd culture and my girlfriend and I really want to find another couple who shares the same passion for Christ and geek/nerd culture. Any ideas on where we could find fellowship like that? 

Sorry if it's a weird question but it's something her and I have some what been struggling with lately... 

We're in Calgary Canada BTW, we are looking for people to hang out with in person.
Well my wife and I fit this bill pretty dead on. Although I'm a few years older than you (28), and she's 25. We both take our faith incredibly seriously, and love nerd culture as well. Anime, games, manga etc etc. Our daughters middle name is Zelda :P 

Are you looking for someone in your area? Or... 
20/F, I like both of those things :) I totally get this, apart from my best friend and her husband, none of my nerdy friends are Christians. 

I read through your replies to /u/Spenok1, I like DC more than Marvel but that's probably because I've read more of them. Minecraft is the bomb and Skyrim is what I would have made if I could make a video game. I almost hate to admit this but I learned a bunch of dovahzul phrases so I can get really in to the roleplay aspect of it and yell at the dragons when they attack me. I also love Bioshock and Red Dead Redemption.  
I can relate to this a lot. When I was in college it was rough to find gamers who were christians. I liked playing Dungeons and Dragons, Magic: The Gathering. Still like playing those, well I've upgraded to Pathfinder, and Battle for Sularia, as well as many other board games. I enjoy the social environment that tabletop games give. While it's nice to be around other gamers and nerdy type, I can definitely place a lot of value on having christian friends at the gaming table. I have a few that I connect with on Minecraft on PS4, and a few other games on Steam. Though I prefer in group tabletop gatherings than digital. Both can be quite fun! Good luck in your endeavor. Prayin for you both! Feel free to add me to Steam, Shad0fx. 
Betcha there's a lot of christian gamers in this thread! Play dark souls, which has a setting of medieval europeans in a world where mankind is forsaken to suffer eternally in death, because he has overstepped his bounds, and so god had to sacrifice himself so that man could continue, and his son walks around the earth telling people to enjoy working together for the sake of goodness.

Praise the sun while you praise The Son! \\[+]/

As for you, OP, my friend and brother... I got nothing, I'm kind of loopy on "end of the day brain shittiness" and I barely know what's happening, but good luck, for serious. But dark souls won't make you any friends. You...you may lose some.
Im nerdy and have a son named metallica maybe we can be friends
Reddit was the place to ask this question, ha! In my experience, there is one other nerd in every church.

One big reason why that is an oxymoron is a lot of nerdy things can very easily be turned into idols, so it is difficult to be serious about both.

I for one turn a lot of things into idols. Batman is an idol for me. I am obsessed with batman. I love the new 52 comics. Daredevil is an idol. I spend more time watching the new series than I spend with God. When I play Rocket League, I get proud of my stats as if I did anything. So yes, I take both seriously, but in doing so I am sinning.

Don't get me wrong, I think it is possible to enjoy some of these things without turning it into an idol, but before I was a christian I didn't see the importance of not "worshiping" these things.

That being said, hit me up and we can game. I've been binging a minecraft server, and as I said, Rocket League is my jam.
Wow, Zelda is a pretty name. I think we're looking for both near and far friends. 
Sounds like you have some pretty good taste in games. 

You've learned the language of dragons!? Lol that's hilarious. 

RDR is easily Rockstar's best game, and rumor has it they'll be announcing the next sequel at E3 next month. I'm pretty excited! 
lol I do the same, though haven't play Skyrim in quite some time, and bioshock and RDR are easily my 2 favorite games.
I love dark souls, played Demons Souls and Dark Souls 1 and loved both, hoping to get DS3 soon but...

anyways thanks lol

Well, to be fair, it's her middle name lol. But thanks. 

Well what do you play? That's always a good way to connect. As is facebook etc. 
haha thanks! Yeah I have to play it when no one else it around because I get always yell at Mjoll for getting in my way and my family doesn't really understand :)

I hadn't heard that, awesome!! I probably won't shell out for a brand new game though, I'm working on building a pc so I can ~~run skyrim mods~~ play with people on steam
Yeah I agree, I've played GTA5 and wasn't that impressed with the game, more-so with the promise of an RDR game in that engine and too that scale! 
Whenever I need to de-stress I either wander around in skyrim or watch star trek haha
Well both her and I have a 3DS, We have a PS4 and Steam. 
Well you'd likely not have to shell out for some time.

Rockstar has literally never made an announcement at E3 before, so for them to confirm they're going to be there, it HAS to be for something big. Plus there have been rumors, and leaks, left and right about RD3 being there. Although it could also be something entirely different, who knows. 

Also, you don't need a seriously beefy PC anymore to run Skyrim, even modded to the moon these days. I've known people running like 100+ mods on it on 5 year old hardware. Although, people are still making some serious graphics mods for it. So... I guess there's that too. 
I'll admit GTAV was MUCH better than IV. However that engine running a new Red Dead would be nothing short of amazing. Like I've said, there have been plenty of rumors and leaks. It's all but confirmed at this time. 
Those are great ways to destress, personally it's RDR for me
Well I play on all of those! 

What do you like? 
Really? I didn't know that! Finals have gotten me out of the loop on almost everything haha 

Oh yeah, I'm not planning on going hardcore with like water cooling and a mini-fridge or anything :) It's just something that I've wanted to for a while and my brother was about to drop $250-$300 on an xbox one, so I suggested that we pool our cash and do this instead.  
Yeah, I'll never figure out how GTAIV got perfect scores upon release... oh well... 

I just hope they announce the new RDR this year at E3
That seems like a good choice. I can't get enough of westerns 
In terms of... comics? anime? Games lol?

Well her and I are both into comics, I'm more DC but stray to Marvel quite often and she's vice versa.

Anime we enjoy but don't watch loads of, Attack on Titan and a few others.

Games wise I'm into Assassin's Creed, Fallout, Elderscrolls, Bloodborne, Battlefront and some others. She's into Witcher 3, Life is Strange, a bit of Fallout and we're both in love with Minecraft. 
on the 3DS front, Animal Crossing and Pokemon. How about you guys?
Lol I tend to have some pretty serious knowledge of the industry  (I've been steeped in it since I was like 10 lol). I write for a small website as well, so I kind of have to be as well. 

And good call on the PC over Xbone. Of you're going to get a console, go for PS4 for sure. 

Do you guys know what you're doing with building your own PC? 
RDR is actually the only western I've played, though I do love the older movies
Man I could recommend all sorts of anime if you enjoyed AoT.

As far as games I've only gotten my wife into them when we met about 2 years ago. I enjoy every franchise you've mentioned for both of you guys. I'm also a collector though, so I have quite a collection too. I mainly game on my PS4, though I play on PC, 3DS, Vita and so on. I got my wife into Final Fantasy XIV, however we had to temporarily suspend our accounts due to the newborn. She also enjoys RPGs, she's enjoying watching me play through Uncharted 4, and random other games here and there. Fat Princess Adventures, Rayman, Diablo 3 etc. Mainly games we can play together. 

oh wow, that's really cool. Do you write about videogames or is it more about tech?

Haha yeah that's my line of thought as well. Not even in the slightest! We're in the research phase right now, but hey, we both like taking things apart so uhh, we'll probably figure it out :)
Reddit has actually been super useful here, everyone's itching to put in their two cents
oh yeah, love me some Clint Eastwood
Mostly video games. It's a small site one of my friends runs. Tech, movies, music find their way in every now and again too, but not too often, and usually not me. 

And yeah, reddit is incredibly helpful in that regard. You can usually find anything you need here.... unless you're looking for someone with photoshop skills. For some reason I can never get help from /r/photoshoprequests 

My Facebook group for adult gamers (I.E. 18 and up) needs a new banner. But oh well I guess :/
Well I'm not amazing but I could take a crack at it if you'd like. I think /r/photoshoprequest is better if you're looking to practice
Ah. Well no one has ever taken my request lol, so I wouldn't know I guess. 

I'll have to pull together the idea of what I'm looking for so I can send you the idea. 

You should join the group. We're nearing 1000 members. Plenty of gamers of all types from around the world. We're pretty active too. I post my articles pretty often too. So news is generally covered :P 
pm me the name? That sounds pretty fun!

e: nvm, I was creepy and found your photoshoprequest post
I am perplexed. Today, someone asked me when it was that I gave my life to Jesus. I answered "I don't know". 

I grew up in a christian family, went to church for a while when I was quite young. Then, I "rededicated" my life to Christ later on. I changed many things about how I live, and I placed at the center of my life the desire to know Christ better and to develop an actual relationship with Him -- i.e understanding His love better, seeking the will of God for my life, etc.

The thing is, conceptually (in my mind), I figured that giving my life to Christ meant giving up everything and following Him, which means to abandon "all" of my desires and worldly pursuits. Right now, I'm in the position where I pray and read daily, asking God to give me direction and the tools required to fulfill His will for my life.

However, I believe that I've been hesitant in my heart. I find it difficult to communicate my faith. It's partly because of my personality I suppose (shy, introverted, etc.), but I suspect that, since I have not made any tangible sacrifice -- I have not truly dedicated my life to Him. I feel like a coward. I still work in the same branch (IT), waiting for a direction, an opportunity. I'm unsure of what to do.

I can't see the fruit in my life -- not a lot of it anyway. Sure, I go to church, I participate to every event there is, I try to open up to my friends about Christ, I have a growing relationship with the local community, which I love, I've met with very inspiring missionaries in the last few months, and I yearn to do something on my own.

However, I have yet to make a move. So, did I really give my life to Christ? If so, what proof is there? By extension, until you've given up EVERYTHING, how can you call yourself a child of God?
Mat 7:16 "By their fruit you will recognize them"

Thanks.
Hey there! I can relate quite a bit to what you're going through. Growing up in a Christian family and making a decision for Christ early in life can sometimes cast a lot of doubt in my mind too. Was I really saved? Did I really accept Jesus? 

Let me share an example of a friend of mine. She was the same as us - grew up in a Christian home, did all the Christian things. Then, recently, she had a dramatic conversion. She explained afterwards that she had always doubted whether she was saved. She had, in her most honest moments, known that she was heading for hell. She had never made a decision to follow Jesus, and she had never believed that she was sinful - she thought she was okay. 

So my questions to you are 1) do you believe that Jesus is the Son of God? 2) have you accepted that you are a sinner, and that Jesus' atoning death paid the penalty that you should have paid for your sin? 

If you can't honestly answer yes to these, then get down on your knees and ask God to save you. He will. These are the prerequisites for salvation. You can't earn your salvation by doing good works or sacrificing - those are the fruit of a saved life, not the catalyst. 

If you can answer yes to them, then be encouraged - God isn't slack concerning His promises, and He has promised you eternal life! As for the burden to do more, surrender more, sacrifice more - perhaps this is, in itself a testament to your salvation. A true Christian wants to seek more of God and less of themselves. 

So I'd encourage you to go over every aspect of your life and see how you can surrender to God - your family, finances, work, plans, relationships, time etc. Then, ask God to show you specifically what He wants you to do for Him. He may be preparing you for something. 

I really hope you find peace and refreshing in God, and find your purpose in Him. I hope some of this can help. I'm praying for you today!
[Romans 8:16] /u/versebot
You don't have to be the Apostle Paul to be saved. You work with people that will never know Christ except through you. Start there.
I have been where you are, and I still get there from time to time. So I ask: How is your prayer life? I mean, really, how is it, deep down in there? When you pray, do you pray in a way similar to how you talk on a long-distance phone call with your best friend?  Do you pray as the first thing you think to do whenever you experience something harsh or something wonderful? Do you pray hard even though you know that God is omniscient and already knows? Do you pray to him that you're insecure about that, but that you're working on it? He knows, but he wants us to pray to him anyway. I don't know the mysteries of it all, but my personal belief is that God teaches us through prayer. "We don't know what we ought to pray for, but the Spirit Himself intercedes for us with groans too deep for words" (Romans 8:26 NIV). There is something special about prayer that I think one can only learn when one has made prayer an integral part of one's life. I joined a prayer group a couple years ago and it completely changed my walk with God. 

Good deeds are important because God listens to the prayers of those who walk in his way. "We know that God does not listen to sinners" (that is, those who consciously and actively choose to do that which they ought to have known better about), "but he does listen to the one who worships him and does his will" (John 9:31 NIV). The listening God does is to your prayers, which I believe can be as short as an inkling or a word, and as long as you'd like. A revamped, honest, desperate prayer life will make a monumental difference.

If you're not sure how to get there, my advice is this: fake it 'til you make it. If you're not trying to hide it from him (or anybody, for that matter), I believe that God will understand and will appreciate the heart--the intent. I believe God looks at the "why" behind what we do with so much more emphasis than the "what" itself. If you are willing to humbly try any means necessary to communicate with your Father, the one who created you, the one who sustains you, your best friend, the inventor of love and justice and peace and all things good...I believe that he will show you the true fruit that you seek. Be persistent. Remember, God's grace is given in full when we rightly accept it...not as a result of what we do afterward, though doing his good is our joy: "For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God— not by works, so that no one can boast. For we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do" (Ephesians 2:8-10 NIV).

His grace has been given to those who earnestly and thoughtfully discern and accept it, so consider 1 Corinthians 3:10-15. Meditate on vs. 15. Soak it in. I think that this passage cannot be underestimated. If your faith is real, desperate, relentless, what you are building in this life is not your salvation but something entirely more mysterious. Something that should, when occurring as God intended, bring glory to God and a contented smile to our faces. A gift to God that he shares with us, his family. My 2 cents, anyway. Best wishes to you and to your resolution of this matter. For reference, these scriptures also come to mind for your situation:

Philippians 4 NIV -
11 I am not saying this because I am in need, for I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances. 12 I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want. 13 I can do all this through him who gives me strength.

Ecclesiastes 3 NIV -
1     There is a time for everything,
    and a season for every activity under the heavens:
2     a time to be born and a time to die,
    a time to plant and a time to uproot,
3     a time to kill and a time to heal,
    a time to tear down and a time to build,
4     a time to weep and a time to laugh,
    a time to mourn and a time to dance,
5     a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them,
    a time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing,
6     a time to search and a time to give up,
    a time to keep and a time to throw away,
7     a time to tear and a time to mend,
    a time to be silent and a time to speak,
8     a time to love and a time to hate,
    a time for war and a time for peace.

...12 I know that there is nothing better for people than to be happy and to do good while they live. 13 That each of them may eat and drink, and find satisfaction in all their toil—this is the gift of God.

*Sometimes, there is a time to just be. To accept the situation you've been given. Sometimes, that takes a whole lot of faith.*
Sorry, I feel like that was a mammoth novel that didn't really answer your question. But on the "you will know them by their fruit" subject: fruit does not come overnight. Don't beat yourself up because you're not running crusades and doing missions in India. God will call you to the work He has set apart for you. Joshua spent years as an aide to Moses before leading the people of Israel. Esther spent a couple of years (I think?) being prepared before she went to the king. 

The real question is, are you willing to go when He sends you, no matter what, where and who it is, no matter the cost? 
[**Romans 8:16 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+8&version=ESV)

>[**16**] The Spirit himself bears witness with our spirit that we are children of God, 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4jeed7/giving_your_life_for_jesus/d35xy54} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4jeed7/giving_your_life_for_jesus/d35xy54} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
Then why is it that I perceive this burden as very heavy, whereas Jesus says it is light? I feel an enormous responsibility to act.
[**Philippians 4 | New International Version (NIV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians+4&version=NIV)

>

>**Closing Appeal for Steadfastness and Unity**  
[**1**] Therefore, my brothers and sisters, you whom I love and long for, my joy and crown, stand firm in the Lord in this way, dear friends! [**2**] I plead with Euodia and I plead with Syntyche to be of the same mind in the Lord. [**3**] Yes, and I ask you, my true companion, help these women since they have contended at my side in the cause of the gospel, along with Clement and the rest of my co-workers, whose names are in the book of life. 

>**Final Exhortations**  
[**4**] Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice! [**5**] Let your gentleness be evident to all. The Lord is near. [**6**] Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. [**7**] And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. [**8**] Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things. [**9**] Whatever you have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in me—put it into practice. And the God of peace will be with you. 

>**Thanks for Their Gifts**  
[**10**] I rejoiced greatly in the Lord that at last you renewed your concern for me. Indeed, you were concerned, but you had no opportunity to show it. [**11**] I am not saying this because I am in need, for I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances. [**12**] I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want. [**13**] I can do all this through him who gives me strength. [**14**] Yet it was good of you to share in my troubles. [**15**] Moreover, as you Philippians know, in the early days of your acquaintance with the gospel, when I set out from Macedonia, not one church shared with me in the matter of giving and receiving, except you only; [**16**] for even when I was in Thessalonica, you sent me aid more than once when I was in need. [**17**] Not that I desire your gifts; what I desire is that more be credited to your account. [**18**] I have received full payment and have more than enough. I am amply supplied, now that I have received from Epaphroditus the gifts you sent. They are a fragrant offering, an acceptable sacrifice, pleasing to God. [**19**] And my God will meet all your needs according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus. [**20**] To our God and Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen. 

>**Final Greetings**  
[**21**] Greet all God’s people in Christ Jesus. The brothers and sisters who are with me send greetings. [**22**] All God’s people here send you greetings, especially those who belong to Caesar’s household. [**23**] The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen. 

[**Ecclesiastes 3 | New International Version (NIV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+3&version=NIV)

>

>**A Time for Everything**  
[**1**] There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under the heavens: [**2**] a time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, [**3**] a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to tear down and a time to build, [**4**] a time to weep and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to dance, [**5**] a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them, a time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing, [**6**] a time to search and a time to give up, a time to keep and a time to throw away, [**7**] a time to tear and a time to mend, a time to be silent and a time to speak, [**8**] a time to love and a time to hate, a time for war and a time for peace. [**9**] What do workers gain from their toil? [**10**] I have seen the burden God has laid on the human race. [**11**] He has made everything beautiful in its time. He has also set eternity in the human heart; yet no one can fathom what God has done from beginning to end. [**12**] I know that there is nothing better for people than to be happy and to do good while they live. [**13**] That each of them may eat and drink, and find satisfaction in all their toil—this is the gift of God. [**14**] I know that everything God does will endure forever; nothing can be added to it and nothing taken from it. God does it so that people will fear him. [**15**] Whatever is has already been, and what will be has been before; and God will call the past to account. [**16**] And I saw something else under the sun: In the place of judgment—wickedness was there, in the place of justice—wickedness was there. [**17**] I said to myself, “God will bring into judgment both the righteous and the wicked, for there will be a time for every activity, a time to judge every deed.” [**18**] I also said to myself, “As for humans, God tests them so that they may see that they are like the animals. [**19**] Surely the fate of human beings is like that of the animals; the same fate awaits them both: As one dies, so dies the other. All have the same breath; humans have no advantage over animals. Everything is meaningless. [**20**] All go to the same place; all come from dust, and to dust all return. [**21**] Who knows if the human spirit rises upward and if the spirit of the animal goes down into the earth?” [**22**] So I saw that there is nothing better for a person than to enjoy their work, because that is their lot. For who can bring them to see what will happen after them? 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot) ^| [^Contact ^Dev](/message/compose/?to=konohitowa) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| ^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 


I met (yet another) ordinary man yesterday who the Lord made extraordinary things with, the kind of person deep in sin who met with the Lord for the first time, and through whom miracles happened -- an unbelievable testimony. 

I want God to be such a palpable, undeniable force in my life.

Fear, well, I'll have to fight against and conquer. I'm not even concerned about failure (for now), since it's happened already when I was overseas. I had been in a mission trip to Haiti and things did not go well. I managed to learn a few lessons about myself, my family, who has the most influence in my life, etc. Even negative experiences can be very valuable.

Thanks for the novel.
Have u tried just crying out to God?
[Exodus 3:9] [1 Corinthians 12:3] /u/versebot
[**Exodus 3:9 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus+3&version=ESV)

>[**9**] And now, behold, the cry of the people of Israel has come to me, and I have also seen the oppression with which the Egyptians oppress them. 

[**1 Corinthians 12:3 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1 Corinthians+12&version=ESV)

>[**3**] Therefore I want you to understand that no one speaking in the Spirit of God ever says “Jesus is accursed!” and no one can say “Jesus is Lord” except in the Holy Spirit. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4jeed7/giving_your_life_for_jesus/d35z9c7} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4jeed7/giving_your_life_for_jesus/d35z9c7} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
In Exodus 17, the people of Israel were fighting a war. As long as Moses kept his hands up and prayed, the battle would go well. If his hands fell, the Israelites would start to loose. So, Arron and Hur would help lift up the hands of Moses to keep him praying. Eventually, the Israelites won the war.

We all get tired sometimes and fall. We may even hit some dry spells in our prayer and Christian life. That’s when the rest of us need to be lifting them up in prayer so we can all continue to fight the battle.

Just because you fail sometimes, that doesn’t make you a failure. No matter how strong we are or how holy we think we have become, we can always backslide if we aren’t careful. The devil is a tough opponent, but one we are promised we will defeat as long as we stick close to Jesus.

So let us not cease to pray for one another and together we will be victorious.  In Jesus’ name.


Check out more at https://forchristssakefellowship.wordpress.com/

And if you are Amish, I would be surprised, but please respond. I was wondering what people thought about Amish people. Do you admire their way of life and staying away from technology?
Seem to be lovely people, following God's commands pretty well. Also, great furniture.
Only flaw is they no longer evangelize. 
I feel like they have too many rules. That they have too much religion in their religion.
Love them. We don't have them here in Canada but we do have Hutterites and Mennonite communes. I considered joining one at one point. 
They don't stay away from technology, they just select which bits to use on the basis of whether it builds or destroys worship or community. So for instance some ordnungs allow the use of mobile phones, but with considerable restrictions. 

That part makes sense, as does their emphasis on community. However I don't like their isolationism, the practice of shunning, or their feeling that education should stop at 14. 
They are fine from a distance. Until you live close to one of their communities for many years and see how reckless they are on the roads. 

1. They should have to license plate their buggies. Those wheels damage the roads far more than rubber ones. 

2. Buggies should not be allowed on the road for anyone including Amish. They are slow and their children do not require safety seats and can even drive the buggies alone. Where I live they even drive at night sometimes without lights. I dread the day someone runs into them for their driving stupidity and injures/kills a minor who is in clear safety violation. I'm sure they will pin it on the motorist somehow. 

I guess my issue is with their buggies since any other non-Amish would be charged with their form of clear neglect for child safety laws. 
I think they're pretty darn cool. 
I've researched them some and one thing that puzzles me is they don't believe in personal relationships with Jesus, which is necessary in being a Christian.
I do not agree with Christians forbidding higher education. What a great way to make us look like morons.
I'm looking at you, Duggars.
Ugh, don't get me started on the Duggars....


Hello! Not a parent, but I do work with kids. 

First off (and I hope I'm preaching to the choir here), a website blocker should always be used with kids. If you're unsure of how to do this, just Google "best parental control apps".

Secondly, some kids are much more drawn to electronics than others. This is a good thing. Computer science is a rapidly expanding field, videogames build strategy, dexterity, and focus, and if your kid loves science related apps, then I'd try to get them as many science apps as physically possible. I feel this is all important to keep in mind when determining how much computer usage they should get.

Now my personal opinion on how much  usage they should get: they should have as much time on devices as they should on any other activity in their life. Maybe try using however long they usually take on their homework as a good rule of thumb. 

Since Jesus Christ was a male and he lacked a Y chromosome, does the Bible accept transgender people? I would hope it would because God tells us we must love everybody and transgender people are no different to us. They are just born with a hormone imbalance.
We don't have any reason to think that Jesus lacked a Y chromosome. Also, although I'm not sure of this, I don't think that being transgender is as simple as a hormone imbalance at birth. There are other syndromes such as [AIS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Androgen_insensitivity_syndrome) which are related to hormones.

The Bible makes no mention of transgender people at all - nor does it mention anything about identifying as gay (which is quite different of course). There are a small number of passages which deal with behaviour rather than identity - for instance if a physically male person has sex with another physically male person. There has been some argument over the interpretation of these, but it seems that the physical act is forbidden.

Since the Bible only mentions physical acts not inclination, there is nothing against *being* transgender or gay. We have no guidance on whether it is permitted for a transgender person to have gender re-assignment surgery and act accordingly after the surgery.

And yes, you are completely right to say that we must love everyone. Interpreting this in practice is what is causing the church problems in respect of gay rights. Transexuality has been much less discussed, but the issues would be similar.
In my opinion, it should be treated as a mental illness. If someone has anorexia, you don't help them in it and support them, you help them fix it. I think same goes for people with gender confusions.
This is as close as it gets:

Deuteronomy 22:5

>A woman must not wear men’s clothing, nor a man wear women’s clothing, for the Lord your God detests anyone who does this.

God *accepts* everyone, so it's not about *being* something, it's about *doing* something.

He does love everybody, but, you see, being 'transgender' is a sin. The Messiah wasn't born without a Y-chromosome, because during his conception the Holy Sprirt was involved. Here is a quote from Deuteronomy 22:5:

>A woman shall not wear man's clothing, nor shall a man put on a woman's clothing; for whoever does these things is an abomination to the LORD your God.

So, no, no LGBTQIAGEJSYGEITWIUTEWIYWIYTEOIYTEIYHEOYOHGOYEOHEOHOEHOHEOGHY9YGEHEIUGYUI633/-+D for you.
It is a mental illness, it's the new fad to normalize mental illnesses so people can feel good about themselves when they have problems that need the attention it deserves 
Anorexia often kills however so there is a difference.
But much of the Old Testament is influenced by the culture of those days... and therefore should be taken in historical context.   

Case in point...  Deuteronomy 22:22 says that "If a man is found sleeping with another man’s wife, both the man who slept with her and the woman must die. You must purge the evil from Israel."

Yet the church (these days) doesn't go around killing people who cheat on their spouse.   

The OT is packed full of rules and ideals that we would see as completely insane and/or archaic today.   Because of that, you can't just pick and choose which of those rules are applicable today vs. those that are representative of a culture at that time.      

Therefore, my personal interpretation of the Old Testament is more of a historical perspective rather than the Gospel of the New Testament, which is the important part that even matters anyway.    
That doesn't make the OT irrelevant, but more of a historical narrative that reflects the culture of that area of the world 2500+ years ago.

Not to mention that back then religion was used heavily to keep the populace under control by a very strict and harshly punished code of ethics.

So from that aspect... 2500+ years ago, the culture/ideals of that time forbade homosexuality etc.   The New Testament doesn't say anything about it.. so unfortunately I don't have solid answer for you, other than take everything that's said in the Old Testament about it (that people continuously bring up) with a grain of salt.    
But, transgender women are women not men and transgender men are men not women. Therefore they are not wearing the opposite sex's clothing. They are wearing the correct clothing. Besides being transgender is very similar to being Intersex, they are genetic.
I agree that it is a mental illness, but not that it is something to be fixed. It's a complicated issue. Mind and body are not the same thing and the human brain is complex. It's hard to come to a definitive conclusion.
I doubt you're truly qualified to make that decision about someone else's medical state. Let's try to foster some balanced discussion please.
We should, IMO, take the Old Testament seriously. I am not talking about the punishments of course, now our job as christians is to make people repent. But sin is still sin, no matter what excuse you (try to) find.
What you are saying isn't true because you are making wild assumptions.

1. Being "Intersex" is a disorder. People affected with it are still male or female depending on whether they have a Y chromosome or not.

2. No, being transgender is not genetic, nor is it valid. Just because I have a mental disorder (Gender Dysphoria, look it up) doesn't mean that what I "feel" that I "am" is what I actually am. Just because I want to be a purple unicorn from outer space named x7039 doesn't mean that that's what I am.
What are your clothes made out of? 
Do you eat pork and shrimp?
It's not that simple. You are not able to come to a logical and definitive conclusion on something as complicated as this so easily.
Medical research says your assumptions are incorrect. Transgender people exist; it's a rare condition, but just as real and valid as your own.
I don't.
That's not an argument.
I do not have enough research or evidence in this to come to a conclusion, and neither do you. I doubt many people do at all.
Here's a great video (please watch in full) that explains my argument:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDAU3SPYFsA
Actually, that was well thought out.

I fully agree now. I'm not sure if that's bad I switched from a neutral standpoint to a side so quickly, but that makes a whole lot of sense, especially the comparisons to drug addicts and suicidal people.

Thank you for that video.
My congregation is currently discussing firing our preacher.  I only know this because I walked by our elders discussing it in the open, which I think is foolish because that's not something that I nor any other member should have necessarily heard, but that's just MHO.

However, it got me thinking.  Every time I've heard of a congregation firing a preacher, it doesn't go well.  And I've studied the scriptures quite a bit to find something about "firing a preacher" and I can't really find any passages that discuss the topic or the idea of the topic.  Or maybe I have read it, and I just completely missed it.

Has anyone done an in-depth study of this, and have anything that they would like to share about the idea of firing a preacher.  Maybe how you believe it should or shouldn't be done?
My church recently went through this.

The student ministries pastor, with an M. Div, was discovered to have been in a long term, egregious, continuous sin.  This was the week that he'd preached from the pulpit, which made it even harder for the pastors & elders to decide upon.
[Matthew 18:15-18] /u/versebot

Though he confessed it upon confrontation, it still removed him from the qualifications of an elder, and thus a pastor, in [1 Timothy 3:1-10] /u/versebot

The church body was notified by email to please attend an all church gathering scheduled the following Sunday, weather a member or a regular attender.  There, the body was informed of the transgression, confession, removal of pastoralship, and desire for repentance.  We were asked to pray for both himself and his family, that God's grace would abound in this.  After a few months, his wife and adult son came back to the church, and the former pastor took up a trade.

Now, the family attends the church, but in no way will the now layman be considered for pastoralship.

This had deep ramifications for the student ministries body:

* The other pastors had to fly to mexico, where the student ministry had set up deep roots with local churches and pastors in impoverished areas to explain and rebuild the relationship
* Parents were very angry with the sr pastor on how he could permit this, and changed churches
* Students who grew up under the former pastor and were mentored pondered their own experiences and relationships with him and his family
* Every age group was talked to by one of the pastors on the following sundays about how to pray for, and guard against sin.  Reminding everyone that everyone, especially pastors, are human and sinful.  Sometimes the consequences for sin are hard.

========================

edit: clarification
Your church will have constitution and bylaws as well as personnel policies most likely. The bylaws are required by law if the church is incorporated. It will be clearly laid out in those documents how to fire staff. Remember that any federal or state laws also apply. For example you can't fire someone because of a disability. 
There may be biblical reasons for the firing, but the how is all about whatever your documents say. It isn't laid out in Scripture. 
Singing telegram.
[**Matthew 18:15-18 | New American Standard Bible (NASB)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+18&version=NASB)

>

>**Discipline and Prayer**  
[**15**] “If your brother sins, go and show him his fault in private; if he listens to you, you have won your brother. [**16**] But if he does not listen to you, take one or two more with you, so that by the mouth of two or three witnesses every fact may be confirmed. [**17**] If he refuses to listen to them, tell it to the church; and if he refuses to listen even to the church, let him be to you as a Gentile and a tax collector. [**18**] Truly I say to you, whatever you bind on earth shall have been bound in heaven; and whatever you loose on earth shall have been loosed in heaven. 

[**1 Timothy 3:1-10 | New American Standard Bible (NASB)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1 Timothy+3&version=NASB)

>

>**Overseers and Deacons**  
[**1**] It is a trustworthy statement: if any man aspires to the office of overseer, it is a fine work he desires to do. [**2**] An overseer, then, must be above reproach, the husband of one wife, temperate, prudent, respectable, hospitable, able to teach, [**3**] not addicted to wine or pugnacious, but gentle, peaceable, free from the love of money. [**4**] He must be one who manages his own household well, keeping his children under control with all dignity [**5**] (but if a man does not know how to manage his own household, how will he take care of the church of God?), [**6**] and not a new convert, so that he will not become conceited and fall into the condemnation incurred by the devil. [**7**] And he must have a good reputation with those outside the church, so that he will not fall into reproach and the snare of the devil. [**8**] Deacons likewise must be men of dignity, not double-tongued, or addicted to much wine or fond of sordid gain, [**9**] but holding to the mystery of the faith with a clear conscience. [**10**] These men must also first be tested; then let them serve as deacons if they are beyond reproach. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^wongs7 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4aumw3/how_do_you_fire_a_preacher/d13nuhm} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4aumw3/how_do_you_fire_a_preacher/d13nuhm} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.

It's hard to take this article seriously when the first item is "The American Library Association" because they have internet. How does the ALA *knowingly profit* from pornography just by having internet access on premise? How does the Department of Justice *knowingly profit* from pornography?
Yeah, I thought that was kind of ridiculous too, sounds like a freedom of information thing to me, but there many who do purposely profit from pornography and sexual exploitation
Yeah, porn production companies!
Zechariah 4

>1 Now the angel who talked with me came back and wakened me, as a man who is wakened out of his sleep.

When the last vision ended, Zechariah remained in a sleep-like visionary slumber and needed aroused.

>2-3 And he said to me, "What do you see?" So I said, "I am looking, and there is a lampstand of solid gold with a bowl on top of it, and on the stand seven lamps with seven pipes to the seven lamps. “Two olive trees are by it, one at the right of the bowl and the other at its left."


The olive trees are the two witnesses in Revelation 11:3-4:

>"And I will give power to my two witnesses, and they will prophesy one thousand two hundred and sixty days, clothed in sackcloth." These are the two olive trees and the two lampstands standing before the God of the earth.

Back to Zechariah

>4-6 So I answered and spoke to the angel who talked with me, saying, "What are these, my lord?" Then the angel who talked with me answered and said to me, "Do you not know what these are?" And I said, "No, my lord." So he answered and said to me: "This is the word of the LORD to Zerubbabel: 'Not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit,' Says the LORD of hosts.

The angel gives us the answer: “This is the word of the Lord…” The golden lampstand is a symbol that God will through Israel shine forth the light of His Word (Christ) to all nations. God is telling Zerubbabel and us that it is not by our own power and might but with the help of the Holy Spirit through the grace of God that we succeed.

II believe this gentleman called Zerubbabel deserves a closer look; Zerubbabel was the last person to be in both the line of Mary (the blood lineage of Jesus) and Joseph (the legal lineage of Jesus) and he is spoken of in:

Haggai 2:

>20-21 And again the word of the LORD came to Haggai on the twenty-fourth day of the month, saying, "Speak to Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, saying: 'I will shake heaven and earth.

This is another reference to the cosmic quake at the end of the great tribulation when the Kingdom of God will be revealed to man.

>22 I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms; I will destroy the strength of the Gentile kingdoms. I will overthrow the chariots And those who ride in them; The horses and their riders shall come down, Every one by the sword of his brother.

The phrase “I will destroy the strength of the Gentile kingdoms” has not happen yet, since Zechariah’s time there has been the Greeks, Romans, and many other Gentile kingdoms in power.  This will happen at Christ’s second coming when the earth is purged of all unbelievers and Messiah reigns from Jerusalem.

>23  'In that day,' says the LORD of hosts, 'I will take you, Zerubbabel My servant, the son of Shealtiel,' says the LORD, 'and will make you like a signet ring; for I have chosen you,' says the LORD of hosts."

“In that day” means the Day of the Lord and a signet ring confers upon its wearer (Zerubbabel) the full authority and power of the giver (God); this is a pledge to give Zerubbabel the full authority and power of God.

This says in the Day of the Lord (Christ’s return), Zerubbabel has been chosen to receive the absolute authority and power of God.

Back to Zechariah

>7 'Who are you, O great mountain? Before Zerubbabel you shall become a plain! And he shall bring forth the capstone With shouts of "Grace, grace to it!" ' "

A great mountain is not an obstacle for Zerubbabel for he has been chosen to receive the full authority and power of God to build the Millennial Temple. A capstone is the top stone, the final stone to be placed on a project. 

>8-9 Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying: "The hands of Zerubbabel Have laid the foundation of this temple; His hands shall also finish it. Then you will know that the LORD of hosts has sent Me to you.

Okay, here it is again:

> Then you (Israel) will know that the LORD of hosts (Father) has sent Me (Christ) to you (Israel).

This makes me wonder which Temple our Lord is speaking about because Israel will not come to belief in Christ until the very end of the Great Tribulation. If this is the spiritual Temple (which is the body of Christ) then how could Zerubbabel have laid both the foundation and the capstone? If this is the second temple then why doesn’t Israel know their Messiah? If this is the Millennial Temple described in Ezekiel 40-48 then exactly who is Zerubbabel? I believe this is the Millennial Temple because of what we are told about Zerubbabel in Haggai 2.

>10 For who has despised the day of small things? For these seven rejoice to see The plumb line in the hand of Zerubbabel. They are the eyes of the LORD, Which scan to and fro throughout the whole earth."

When they started building the much smaller temple the older men started wailing because they knew about the glory of Solomon's temple. The seven are the eyes of the Lord, they rejoice when they see Zerubbabel busy building.  The Lord’s omniscient eyes survey all that happens in the world.

>11-14 Then I answered and said to him, "What are these two olive trees—at the right of the lampstand and at its left?" And I further answered and said to him, "What are these two olive branches that drip into the receptacles of the two gold pipes from which the golden oil drains?" Then he answered me and said, "Do you not know what these are?" And I said, "No, my lord." So he said, "These are the two anointed ones, who stand beside the Lord of the whole earth."


The angel answered both questions at the same time.


This is some incredible footage, thank you for sharing 

That NARAL argument might be the stupidest thing I hear all year.  I consider myself a progressive, but pro-choice opinions that dehumanize a fetus are nutty.  I realize a woman has a legal right over her body and everything in it, but there's no need to downplay how wonderful pregnancy is, to have a person growing inside you.
I thought I'd live past the anti Christ,  but stuff like this makes me believe he's coming soon. How disgusting 
Hi r/Christian, I'm looking for good/serious discussion on a hot topic. I'm a solid Christian and I'm looking for a better understanding of how these two entities (church and state) should work together in America. I think this strongly influences how people view other policy, as well.

I suppose this is every politician's struggle: trying to merge the way it is to the way it ought to be.

I see America built on a separate government compared to how England/The Church of England operated. This works with the principle of Liberty: not forcing people to be a member of a church, but allowing them to choose themselves.

Matthew 22:15-22 is the go-to reference for pro-separation from a Christian perspective. 

> 15 Then the Pharisees went out and laid plans to trap him in his words. 16 They sent their disciples to him along with the Herodians. “Teacher,” they said, “we know that you are a man of integrity and that you teach the way of God in accordance with the truth. You aren’t swayed by others, because you pay no attention to who they are. 17 Tell us then, what is your opinion? Is it right to pay the imperial tax to Caesar or not?” 18 But Jesus, knowing their evil intent, said, “You hypocrites, why are you trying to trap me? 19 Show me the coin used for paying the tax.” They brought him a denarius, 20 and he asked them, “Whose image is this? And whose inscription?” 21 “Caesar’s,” they replied. Then he said to them, “So give back to Caesar what is Caesar’s, and to God what is God’s.” 22 When they heard this, they were amazed. So they left him and went away.
I look at it as allowing No church power in government and no government power in church.

Alot of people think it's to the point of having anything religious that isn't in their institution is going against that but It's clearly not
I think the separation is important in certain cases, like the guy said keep them out of each other, to many people they want church out of the government but government in the church. But my point is if we allow one religion to effect the government then technically we'd have to let them all effect the government because as much as we may want it to be we are not the only religion in the world, so I think there's a little bit of a double edged sword in affect here.

Sorry for the poor formatting/Grammer I'm on mobile
Here's the thing I feel a lot of people miss. The bible is written FOR Christians, not for non-believers or for countries. God doesn't force anyone to follow Him. It's an open invitation.

Once we accept the invitation, we are then, again, invited to submit our lives, our choices, our decisions, everything to Him.

We are never told to change the world through force, or through laws or regulations. Even looking at the laws in the Old Testament to the people of Israel, that was a nation that God had chosed, and they had chosen to follow God too. The whole nation. You were born into it.

It's not like that since Jesus' sacrifice. The Kingdom of God transcends nations and geography.

So when it comes to politics, especially in a democracy, the politician is elected by the people, their job is to represent those people, not his/her own beliefs.

That's why it's so important for the church (as individuals and as the body of Christ) to be active in the world to transform lives. The more lives that are submitted to Christ and transformed by his truth, the more impact we have on the nation, on our politicians, and in turn they represent us.
One comment,   
*The First Amendment guarantees freedoms concerning religion, expression, assembly, and the right to petition.  It forbids Congress from both promoting one religion over others and also restricting an individual’s religious practices.  It guarantees freedom of expression by prohibiting Congress from restricting the press or the rights of individuals to speak freely.  It also guarantees the right of citizens to assemble peaceably and to petition their government.*

Separation of church and state is an interpretation of this amendment by Thomas Jefferson who was not one of the signers of the document. The amendment says there will me no official religion of the United States. Past that in theory you should have free reign in your religion, to a point that is.

Just a thought.
I've recently become a born-again believer within the last couple of months and I haven't quite delved into the sexual side of things. What is considered sinning against God? Fornication, foreplay? What about kissing someone? 

Specifically: I inappropriately kissed a woman who is engaged. The temptation overthrew me and I failed to grasp my renewed mind and step away from the situation. I already know this is not the will of God and I feel terrible. I'm just not sure what's considered a sin, or really how to handle or understand what took place in relation to being born-again. Any help is greatly appreciated, I'm losing sleep tonight.
Sin is really anything that separates you from God, as most Christian theology define sin as separation from God.

So knowingly kissing a engaged woman, being outside of God's will - as she's promised to another, would be a sin.

That may perhaps be a stricter definition that most would prefer, but it's the closest thing one can really say is concrete, unless you want to go through the Bible making a contextual list of everything God says is a sin. Which would take a lot of time and effort, though I think such a list would have good merit.

Severity of sins is debatable, that's another topic entirely.
Do you ascribe to a particular denomination? The in and out of it is that what you did is wrong. Now go and confess to God what you have done. He forgives. The next part is how to handle this worldly. I don't know how to help you there.
First of all, welcome to the family! 

Your relationship and understanding of God is not ever going to be a cookie cutter one just like everyone else's. That's not how God rolls. The goal should not be "how far can I get before it's sin?" but rather, a constant asking of "how do I have a closer and better relationship with Jesus than I did yesterday?" There are some things that are concrete about Christianity, that are stated pretty clearly. (The Ten Commandments; things like no stealing, no lying, etc.) Then there are things that challenge people differently. Like, should Christians drink alcohol? Some say yes, some say no. The Bible doesn't have a simple, cut and dry checklist to follow. Being a "Good Christian" isn't a destination to arrive at. It's a journey. Because it's a journey, and you are in unfamiliar territory, I would suggest you find a mentor to serve as a tour guide. Someone that can help keep you on track with your scripture reading (best way to learn what God expects from His followers is reading His Word.) and answer any questions that might come up. Is there someone at your church that you can talk to about that? 
> What is considered sinning against God?

...

> Fornication **Yes**

...

> foreplay? **Outside of marriage, Yes**

...

> What about kissing someone? **If she is engaged to someone else, yes. If she is not your spouse and your intention is to arouse her, yes.**
[James 4:17] /u/versebot
The best teacher or mentor you will ever find regarding any questions that you have is the Holy Ghost. Read the Bible & pray to God asking him to guide you. Trust your heart.. If you feel that it is wrong, it most likely is. That is the Lord through the Holy Ghost convicting your heart and showing you what is wrong and right.

1 Cor 2:16 For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ.

1 Cor 7:1-11 Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman. Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband. Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband. The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife. Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency. But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment. For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.

I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I. But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.

And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband: But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried, or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.
[**James 4:17 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James+4&version=ESV)

>[**17**] So whoever knows the right thing to do and fails to do it, for him it is sin. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4178ru/sexuality_kissing_and_sin/cz4phgz} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4178ru/sexuality_kissing_and_sin/cz4phgz} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.

Pretty sure:

Romans 10:9-10

>If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you profess your faith and are saved.
I believe I'm going to heaven after I die. I could be wrong. 
I absolutely don't believe I'm going to heaven when I die.

We recently had a discussion here about souls, and I just don't find evidence in Scripture that the soul has much meaningful existence without the body, or that it flies off to heaven after death.

When I die, I'm pretty sure I'll just be dead.  Plain old, rotting in the ground dead.  I think that's pretty clearly what happens to people when they die.

But I do have a crazy hope that everyone who has ever lived will be raised to life again!  A Resurrection.  I think that idea is preached clearly in Scripture.

It's a hope, through faith, so its far from certain in worldly, rational terms, but off the charts in terms of divine assurance. I like Luther's expressions on faith, that I would "stake my life on it a thousand times," and it's "clearer than the light of day, and more certain than life itself."
I think we can all be 100 percent, IF we do what the Bible says.  If we have faith that the gospel of Jesus is true, then we need only use the blood to cover our multitude of sins.  Personally I believe if you're truly repenting, there must be a serious effort to turn from your wicked ways and change, and serious prayer and seeking God to transform you.  There also must be real contrition.  But other than that, it's not some goal we have to reach or some karma we have to maintain enough points on to "make it".  It's guaranteed to us by faith and not works.
0

I believe in a resurrection that creates a paradise on earth c; but I'm almost completely sure I'll be a part of that!
Rev 20:1-6 And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand. And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.

And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years. But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection. Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.

Rev 20:11-15 And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them. And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.

1 Tim 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;

Matthew 7:21-23 Not everyone who says to Me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father in heaven.

Read all of Jesus's teachings and what he commanded of us, found in the gospels. If Jesus said, he who does the will of his Father in heaven will enter into heaven, that is the truth.
Surrender yourself to Jesus, and let heaven come later.
There are two aspects of this question I'd like to address - the literal word, and the intended meaning.

According to the literal word of the question, I am absolutely certain that I will not go to heaven when I die. At least, not for long: the New Jerusalem descends **from** heaven (Rev. 21:2). We will be living on the new Earth for eternity. Don't agree? Show me some scripture that says believers live in heaven for eternity. It doesn't, thats merely religious tradition. Heaven is a real place, doesn't mean we're migrating there for good.

Secondly to answer the intended meaning, i.e. "how sure are you that you're eternally saved?". 1000% sure. Jesus paid my debt in full. Would He require a second payment from me after its already paid off? That would be unrighteous, and He is not an unrighteous God. He is bound by His righteousness to forgive me, even if He (for some reason) changed His mind about saving me. Which He wouldn't, because He chose me from the foundation of the world (Eph. 1:4).

His word says "he who believes and is baptised will be saved" (Mark 16:16). So if you did both of these things and He decided not to save you after all, that would make God a hypocrite. Which He's not. 

He made a promise, even a **contract** (or covenant) with Abraham (Gen. 17:7) and to his Seed, which is Christ (Gal. 3:16) saying "In you all the nations shall be blessed" (Gal. 3:8). This blessing is the Holy Spirit: "that the blessing of Abraham might come upon the Gentiles in Christ Jesus, that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith." (Gal. 3:14). This contract was not only with Abraham, but with us also. "And if you are Christ’s, then you are Abraham’s seed, and heirs according to the promise." God is not one to break legally binding contracts! So we're in with a grin.

However, that doesn't mean we won't be disciplined for unrighteousness. 1 Cor. 3:15 says "If anyone’s work is burned, he will suffer loss; but he himself will be saved, yet so as through fire." I don't want to find out what that means, and I don't think you do either. Thats the real threat we have as Christians: not losing our salvation per se, but receiving temporary discipline at the Judgment Seat of Christ. For that, we need the Lord's mercy today to live by the spirit and serve Him faithfully all our life long.
Romans is so great.  I'm going through a verse by verse study that's going to take a few months just now getting to Chapter 6.  I couldn't believe all I learned in Chapter 5 in the past few weeks I didn't see before.  Our salvation and assurance are so clearly spelled out; the substance of it all and what that means for our lives.  Through struggle after struggle, I fail so often; but the faith is still there.  Faith isn't something I decided to have, it was given to me as a gift.  
You might be interested to know this:

The Catholic Church teaches that humans are the highest animal and the lowest spirits, the only creature created by God as *both* body and soul.

We do believe the soul is separated from the body at death, and the soul then resides in Heaven, Purgatory or Hell.

But at the end of time, after the Final Judgement, every human is reunited with a body.
But the Bible speaks a lot about eternal life, and NOT dying.  So what do you think it means by that?  
But does the bible actually say that? It talks of eternal life, but not in heaven.
Yeah, I did understand that the Catholic Church teaches that.  It seems like people just leave out the resurrection all together, and assume we spend eternity in heaven.
I think his point was more along the lines that there is a period of time from human death until resurrection where we will be just dead. Once resurrection happens we will be eternally alive. 
It's prophesied in many ways, and a couple of times by name.  The coolest ones are in revelation where they talk specifics.  Check [this](http://www.biblestudytools.com/topical-verses/heaven-bible-verses/) out
Ah...that is possible.  Hmm...that kinda sucks.lol  I expected the immediate transition, but the Bible does say we'll be raised at the point of the rapture, and not immediately.  It's a good point.
In some of Paul's letter's he refers to some of the dead christians as having "fallen asleep". I'm sure it will seem instant to us. Like how before our physical birth we didn't have to wait because we were not yet alive. 
Here's a video about that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsOLInN-tJw&index=2&list=PLzSHJ3t_p6d8CdAVJI9GN1NeAiQk7VNsg

TL:DW: When you die, you sleep. You cease to exist. When the Lord returns, that is when you will rise, and be judged.
Just as the title says.
There are some good people on here. So what's up. Pm me if you need to.
Do you have a church you are plugged into? If so, might be a good idea to talk to a pastor. Are you involved in any ministry/youth group/small group? 

As said before, we would love to answer questions for you! :)
Please let me know if I understand your post correctly: 

You're a male. You have a female best friend. The two of you are waiting until you live closer together before you start dating.  You messed around with another girl, and now you're scared of losing your female best friend, as a friend and potential girlfriend. 

If I messed that up, let me know. 

My advice:  You say two things that scare me "I was given somebody" and "I'm afraid she will be taken away from me".  Let me be upfront people are not given and taken away like property. People are people, like you and me.  God may have lead someone into your life, but that person still makes decisions. 

So anyway. Obviously you have to tell this girl about the other girl. And what about the other girl? Are you no longer interested in her? and she's not interested in you?  Can't really give you any real advice with out knowing the whole situation.  I would definitely sit down with a pastor in your church, he could certainly provide more insight.  
This sub-reddit is very helpful. 

If you have a relationship with Christian friends/pastors/mentors, it's a very good idea to talk with them on it, too. They know you better than we do and can also give you great feedback.

Once you go to college, I really recommend connecting with a ministry on/around campus. Whether its CRU or a local church, having Christian brothers involved in your life (and you in theirs) is very important. 
There is also the fact that God has blessed us with free will, God won't give you a woman once she's decided she doesn't want you. I think this is what people are telling you, just because God has forgiven you does not mean that you don't need to face any consequences. Now I am not saying this will be her decision just that you can't expect God to clean up your mess for you.

Firstly you need to understand you've hurt THREE people in doing this. You've hurt yourself clearly and you must deal with this, between you and God. You've hurt the girl you liked and as far as I know haven't even told her yet. You've hurt the girl you had sex with and seem to be unaware of this. Shoving her aside once you are done with her and telling her you simply used her and then cutting off all contact is not a good way to handle it. Now I understand you are trying to remove the temptation, that is a good thing! But you probably need to be nicer to her, it takes two people to have sex. 

Some advice: before you talk to anyone else I would take some time to read a few parts of the bible.

For yourself I would read the story of David and Basheba, in fact if you have the time read all of David's story. Here is a man who God loved a great deal and heaped rewards upon. Yet he often sinned and fell short as we all do. Of course God forgave him but he as not left without consequence. His baby was taken from him and at least one of his subjects came to boo him at a public gathering. Pay close attention to his reaction, he does not punish the man you booed him because he knew it was right from him to point out his shortcomings.

For the issue between you and the girl you slept with I would recommend reading the story of Hagar and Abraham. This woman was taken as a concubine and then cast aside after both Abraham and Sarah were cruel to her. Keep in mind that God will forgive you for things you are sincerely sorry about, you appear to be sorry for the sex but are you truly sorry about the pain you've caused both women?

Lastly, for your own peace read some of the accounts of how Jesus dealt with those who had committed sexual sin. Notice he never turned away anyone, even prostitutes who came to him, in fact on some occasions he said they were great believers. Just as in those stories, God will forgive you and it won't effect your salvation if you learn from it.

I am in a situation in which I'm afraid of loosing something. I was given somebody, a close friend that we are waiting to date until we live closer. She has changed my life and I love her with everything I have. I did something to betray her behind her back out of temptation. I'm afraid she will be taken away from me... as a consequence or until... I don't know... "I'm ready" for her. Is this possible? I truly regret what happened and repented for it... I just don't want to lose my best friend. I love her with everything I have...
I posted my concern on /Woodworkwinos post.
I am sorry about how I phrased it, I wrote the comment the same day that this happened and I was basically in shambles. Having her led into my life and not specifically "given" to me was what I meant. Reading back over that makes me wonder why I even phrased it that way. I am sorry.
That is rough I am sorry.  There is good news and bad news to the situation.  The bad news is even though you repented and feel bad for your transgression you still have to live with the consequence.  This is something I learned the hard way.  Now the good news.  God tells us to forgive one another. She can forgive you.  You two can work through this together.  It does not mean there will not be pain and sorrow in the process. In the end make sure both of you are listening to God and doing his will.  If I can ask why are you waiting to move closer to date and what kind of time frame are you looking at?
I thought it may have just been a weird choice of words.  No need to apologize (to me at least.)  

I wish you the best with the girl. I have a feeling you are fairly young. I know it's 'all consuming' but I assure you you'll look back and have learned something from this experience. 
I am 18, she is 17 and we already are admitted into the same college. I am just in fear, fear that I made God disappointing. I was wlays tought about "Destiny" and the people that God leads into our lives. Im just afraid if that would be diverted if I am deemed "Unable to handle it"
Destiny is a lie.  It's used by the arrogant and self righteous to explain away their sense of self-entitlement and it's used by the self-defeating to take away their will to be better.  "Oh I'll never amount to anything, it's destiny." 

God has a plan for your life, not a Destiny.  God has a Purpose for the people he brings into your life, not a predetermined fate.  The Old Testament is particularly full of stories about God's plan for the Israelites, but their rebellion caused many changes in course (aka 40 years of roaming) So you are right to think that if you rebel from God he will certainly stop acting on his plan for your life. 

However God is not limited or stopped by our rebellion.  When we turn to God, he can work with the messes that we've made of our lives. 

When I was about your age.  I knew I didn't want to be lonely, and I prayed for the perfect wife and the perfect life.  And I thought things were going to be kind of a 'ride off into the sunset' kind of deal.  Now that I'm 36, and have been married for 14 years.  I see that I'm a broken person.  As much as I love my wife, she's a broken person too.  We got issues.  I got issues, she got issues, our dog has issues.  We are a house load of MESS. 

I'm more impressed with what God has done with our mess, than any 'ride into the sunset' storybook ending could of been. 

God will certainly forgive you.  But you also need to call this girl and tell her.  You don't want to start a relationship off without honesty.  

And serious we are talking about another 9 months until you guys get to the same college?  
Yes, it will be soon. Then we plan to date.
What about the other woman?


I told her everything was a mistake, I was running on temptation and It all was a mistake. I refuse to talk to her now, she knows where I stand, and I stand firm on it. Im not going back to it. I just want.... I wish it never happened. 

EDIT: I dont understand, if... someone strays away from God, how does he stop his plan in your life? That would be like a grudging child... once we are forgiven, isnt it as if we had not commited the sin? Is there any biblical referances or passages for this, or any consequence for that matter?
>I told her everything was a mistake, I was running on temptation and It all was a mistake. I refuse to talk to her now, she knows where I stand, and I stand firm on it. Im not going back to it.

That sounds pretty harsh man.  Probably my own feelings.  I still feel guilty about breaking a girls heart when I was younger. 

>I dont understand, if... someone strays away from God, how does he stop his plan in your life? That would be like a grudging child... once we are forgiven, isnt it as if we had not commited the sin? Is there any biblical referances or passages for this, or any consequence for that matter?

I think there's lot of examples of this in the bible, but the biggest one that comes to mind is the Exodus.  (Covered in Exodus) I'm sure you are familiar with the story.  Excuse the casual paraphrasing: God tells all these people, come on out of Egypt, I've got this great new place for you, follow my rules and commands, you will be my people and I will be your God.  The people said they would follow! Yay! Then they rebelled against God, so God changed the plan, and they wandered in the desert for 40 years.  God was being lenient by only delaying their promise, but none of the adults entered the Promise land.  

Then there was another time that they rebelled and God was literally ready to wipe them all out. He said he would complete the promise to Abraham through Moses, but the rest of the people, they were rebellious, not following God, and they were getting wiped out.   That's a pretty big change of plans. 

Then Moses prayed for the people. And because of Moses' prayer, God relented and spared the people.  That's pretty powerful. (Exodus 32)

My point is not at all that God is acting like a grudging child.  Opposite, he is the parent.  Sometimes we plan to take our kid to the park.  And we tell the kid, we are going to have a great time at the park, but then the kid acts up and to punish them we say "You're not going to the Park."  That doesn't mean that the Parent can't forgive the child, but even if the child is truly sorry for acting up, he's not going to the park. 

So of course, you and I don't know the future. But we do know it's now going to be different.  You have to start this new relationship with honesty.  You are in a strange stage of relationship that is not well defined. But it seems like there was a mutual agreement between you and her to not see other people.  And I hope you both recognize the sanctity of Marriage and looking forward to that.  If you broke that, you didn't just sin against God and your body, but you sinned against the girl you were with and the girl who you had a agreement to wait for.  Does that make sense?


The girl I messed around with I told all I did was a mistake. She was just there for "pleasure" and fun. Nothing more. It was stupid and a mistake to do this while I am in love with a girl I really am serious with. 

But what about after the Isrialites stayed in the desert for 49 years. If that was to be as a lesson today, then why did Jesus die? I'm asking because then there would be no pint for Jesus' death to be forgiven, but to be punished. That defeats the purpose. I hoped not to argue, but I'm afraid I'm doubting how I get punished. How that is right according to the new testament.
Sometimes it's hard to distinguish between being punished and being forgiven but living with the consequences of our actions. It's certainly hard to explain that even though you are forgiven you still to endure some hard times because of things done. I call that "Mess" and thats What I mean when I say God can use your mess and still have a plan and a path for your life. It's just right now that plan doesn't look like it did before this mess happened. You need to talk to your girlfriend. Get right with her. She might not be able to move forward or she might just need some time. But that doesn't mean God has stopped working.
Had a very interesting conversation with my friend around Christian soldiers last night.
The gist was she strongly believes a soldier can be Christian, as "he does not kill 'people' but enemies", which allows her to say it is not really a sin.

I thought it was a very unique perspective, that I never considered before.
1. In Acts 10, Peter visits a Reman Centurion who was a devout follower of God.  So, yes you can be a Christian and in the military.
And 2.  The translation of the commandment in the original Hwbrew is more accurately "thou shall not murder".  But still, taking a human life is not something we were meant to do, and for those who have, it often weighs heavily on them for the rest of their lives.
War and murder are not the same thing.

In fact by fighting in a war you may be preventing your enemy from murdering many if they achieve victory - see the way the Nazi's treated the Jews. 

The allied forces needed to go to war with Nazi Germany to rightly stop the Nazis murderous and evil campaign. 

In war, the allies killed many, but this was not murder. It was fighting for good reasons - for freedom and protection and to remove evil from power.

I suppose you could liken it to a police officer needing to shoot a gunman. The policeman didn't murder them because it was for the protection of everyone else.
That's interesting indeed, I did not remember the New Testament mimics the Old Testament with regard to soldiers.

Actually, now that you raise the issue, I wonder if the commandment is translated as "kill" in all languages.
Came here to say the same thing. 
I came here to say that I came here to say the same thing. 
I came back to acknowledge you coming here to say the same thing I said.
Just wondered

EDIT: Can you explain it in terms that a non-Christian can understand please
The Gospel is really good news, it is the word of salvation. It will give you light, truth and show you the way of everlasting life. It is a message of Love and triumph over death. The Gospel is about forgiveness and a devotion that sets you free. Anyone who has ears ought to listen.
<3
One day I hope to be able to do to it as well as this guy: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ats1_9DeMbg

love that guy. 
Nobody gonna take a stab at this? Alright, guess I will, just now seeing this for the first time.

What are you wanting to know, exactly? I'm guessing there is something specific. 
As a former missionary, I'll tell you, it's not as easy as some people think it is. The way you explain it should depend on a person's cultural background and knowledge of the Bible. 

Here's my attempt at explaining it for someone with no/little Biblical or Christian background:

God made the world and everything in it- including us. God is perfect, but we're not. We've all done bad things- told a lie, disobeyed our parents, hated a person, etc. These things separate us from God. There's nothing that we can do to make up for this. No amount of good things we do can make up for the bad things- they can't make us perfect. Because we're not perfect, we deserve death- specifically spiritual death. That is, separation from God forever. To put it bluntly, we deserve hell. But God wants us to have a relationship with him and to be with him forever so he made a way to pay for the price of those bad things. About 2000 years ago, God sent his son Jesus to live on this earth. Jesus lived as a human, but he never did anything wrong. He never lied, disobeyed his parents, etc. Only he could do this because he is God and as God he is perfect. Jesus allowed himself to be killed. In his death, he payed the price for all the bad things we've done because he is perfect. Anyone who asks Jesus for forgiveness for the bad things they have done and commits to following him will be forgiven for the bad things they have done and have a relationship with God. 

I suppose I can simplify this further:

God made the world. God is perfect. We are not perfect. Because of this we can't have a relationship with the God who created us. But God sent his son Jesus (who is one and the same God) to Earth to live a perfect life and then die. His death paid for our imperfection- if we choose to accept this payment (ask for forgiveness) and follow God. Because of this, we can have a relationship with God. 

Edit: I forgot an important point. Add to those: Jesus came back from the dead. This gives him power over death. 
Easy:

All persons including yourself are sinners and fallen short of God (Romans 3:23).

Your dues for your sin is DEATH but the FREE GIFT from God is salvation (Romans 6:23).

So if you confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord and that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved (Romans 10:9).

Because if you have the Son you have life, BUT, if you don't have the Son you DON'T have life (1 John 5:12)

So call on the name of Jesus Christ right now and you WILL BE saved (Romans 10:13).
God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. - Romans 5:8 
  Always base your answer biblically, and paraphrase/ explain parts of the verse.
 
John 3:16
Not wishing to be disrespectful but there's a lot of language there that only a Christian would understand. 
Pretend I am a non Christian asking you the question:

"Can you please explain to me what the gospel is"
You didn't use any of Jesus's words.  How come?
Every word of Scripture are the words of Jesus.



Hi there,

For the past few months I've been working on an iPhone app along with two other friends. The idea came about one day when we were talking about how this kinds of "promise box" apps are sometimes too complicated and not so pleasing to the eye, so I decided I would make my own app and asked them for help.

I tried to make it simple and intuitive with the objective of spreading the Word of God even more. I also made it in English, Portuguese (I'm Brazilian) and Spanish, thanks to the help of some other great friends.

So now it is finally ready and available on the App Store and I'm really proud of it. I love making apps and I really see myself making a live of it, which is amazing, since I've never felt really happy and complete in any other job. It's truly a blessing for me :)

So if you have an iPhone and would like to check it out, and maybe give me some feedback, I'd be very glad! It is called Moment of Blessing (https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1039456100) I hope it brings blessings to your life and much as it brought to mine :)
It works well!  I would love an option to buy an upgrade to remove the ads.
Let us know if there's going to be an Android app.
Sounds pretty groovy. 

Gonna have the throw out another vote for Android though. Not an iPhone user here... 
Hey, glad you liked it and thanks for the feedback! I was not sure if this was a good approach, but I'll try and add this on the next updates!
There will be! I'm already searching for someone to help me port it to Android!
It's already in development! :D
I want to understand how these two states of being could have existed in the same entity.  Isn't fallibility one of the characteristics of 'man' in the context of the Bible?  If that is the case, and Jesus was 'fully God' (which indicates infallibility in the same context), wouldn't this be a contradiction?  For Jesus to have been 'fully man', would he not have had to exhibit the same imperfections that are common to man?
I really don't think any of us for fully understand this issue on this side of life.  Honestly because we have no fitting analogies for supernatural things in our natural world. 

I see it as Jesus came down from Heaven to physically be a man, to experience life as we do, and to be a sacrifice for our sins.  I don't think the word "fully" means he took on ever aspect that we fallen humans have.  I mean, we are a bunch of greedy selfish people, I don't think Jesus became greedy and selfish, just because he was a man. I think the word "fully" mean he physically was a man. 
Have you ever heard God is light?  It is said several times in the Bible.  I know once in 1st John.  Think about light.  You can take light and "split" it into the 3 primary colors using a prism.  The three colors are contained within light.  Most projectors for movies and tvs have three colors that make all colors.  So with light the three primary colors are contained, through which all colors are made.  Hope that helps.
Instead of a human soul, Jesus was God living inside a human body. Or something like that. It's one of the great mysteries. Also, I think various denominations have different interpretations.
> For Jesus to have been 'fully man', would he not have had to exhibit the same imperfections that are common to man?

You're exactly right. If Jesus avoided misbehaving as a hormone-addled adolescent, then it could only have been because he was something more than human.

How do you not have nocturnal emissions as a young man? Those are lustful dreams that are driven by hormones going wild.
I have also heard people say it is like water, which can be a solid, liquid, and gas.  But I like the light analogy better.
There is no sin in what one dreams.


Without reading the article, I would guess Iraq or eastern Africa
Every African I have met in Dallas that came here from Africa in his lifetime is a Christian.  There is a large refugee population here.  I have met several people from Ethiopia that have told me of an Ethiopian church in Dallas 30,000 strong.  I always thought of Africa as the unreached, but there are huge Christian populations in Africa.  Sadly, they are being killed en masse by Musslims.  Some flee to other countries.  Millions have died.

And don't forget, Ethiopia is probably the first place the gospel reached outside of Israel.
Reality
Middle East
Very good guesses.  Iraq is 3rd on the list, Somali is 2nd, Sudan is 6th. 

North Korea tops off the list. 

Not so much an Article to read, as a List of Countries and some statistics. It's definitely interesting. 


Hi there, r/Christian. I am not a Christian, but I was recently introduced to the idea that Christians may hold different beliefs about the age of the earth (and maybe evolution? I'm not sure). It wasn't well-explained to me, so I was wondering if anyone here could explain further the difference between believing in a "young earth" and believing in an "old earth," in the context of Christianity. Thanks in advance, and if this is the wrong subreddit for this question, let me know.
The way I see it there are three general beliefs Christians have about creation and the age of the earth:

Young Earth Creation says that Genesis 1 is a historical account of creation read plainly, this means that each day referenced in Genesis 1 is literal a 24 hour time period, which puts the earth at between 6,000 and 10,000 years old.

Old Earth Creation says that Genesis 1 is a historical account, but each day is an allegory for a period of time the earth went through leading up to the creation of Man. This belief has an age of the earth that can vary greatly between people in this movement, but is much more than 10,000 years old.

Evolutionary Creation says that Genesis 1 is poetry and speaks to why God created the Earth, but not how. Evolutionary Creationists believe that the universe is about 13.7 billion years old, and the earth is 4.5 billion years old.
As a secondary point, many people (myself included) seem to naturally combine Old Earth Creation and Evolutionary Creation to say something along the lines of: The Genesis 1 account tells the truth about God creating all things, but it does so alligorically and poetically, leaving plenty of room for scientific theories such as evolution and even the big bang to take place.
I'm a 27 yr old male, living in upstate New York.  I've been in a relationship for 2yrs. And 7 months.  
As I begin to think about the future and asking this woman to marry me, I know there is alot I want to work on to become a better man, a better future husband,  a better person in general. 
I know change is very hard, especially changing yourself.  But I need to do this for myself,  my future wife,  our families.  

I would dare say that the forefront issue I have is my self-defensive nature.  That is,  I am the worst at taking criticism.  I just dont want to hear it,  even if they are right.   
This transitions right into my anger and temper problems.   
And I know the James 1:19 verse, "quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry"  I just wish I had more to apply to life.  I'll be honest, I know I have a temper,  and sometimes I just walk away from a situation, which stops me from blowing up,  But didn't help or fix the problem.  

And I think the biggest problem I have is the sin of lying.   It's small lies,  everyday lies,  But its a problem none the less.   

If anyone were willing to give me some guidance,  talk to me,  If you're in the area then possibly meet with me,  I would be grateful.   
It's just such a big thing to tackle on my own.   I have done support around me.   I go to a church sporadically, and I'm not sure I feel comfortable enough asking a deacon for help (but I'm going to try). 
I have thought about going to seeking secular (therapist) help.  But im nit sure what to do there,  im afraid of being put on drugs I think.   


Thank you in advance.  
Please help?
One step is to realize that you'll probably never become the man, especially spiritually. I don't mean this as an attempt to tell you to stop trying to better yourself or become a better person, because only the opposite is true. Without some sort of pursuit of bettering our lives, we kind of loose track and motivation to do others things better too.

Just know that your desire to be better, especially for your future wife, is admirable. As a Christian, I can't reiterate the necessity of being faithful to church. Romans 10:17. Even when you don't think you're being built up by it, often you are. Surrounding yourself with encouraging people full of encouraging words will work miracles (literally) for strengthening you to grow closer to God and away from those habits that you dislike. 

Never underestimate the power of prayer either. James 5:16. I know it's cliché advise, but in my own life, I can't even begin to tell you the number of times I thought my prayers were getting me no where and then all of sudden they're answered perfectly. God's timing is always perfect and always HIS, not ours. 


First of, like /u/vctlarlae said, your desire to better yourself is very commendable, and also the fact that you see and acknowledge your weaknesses, that's always the first step. And not many people are honest enough with themselves to see them. 

I would say the next step is to tell your partner everything you just wrote here. If you're going to go into a life together, you need to be honest with one another. And hopefully she can help and support you to work through these things. 

I would also advise counselling or therapy. I've been in counselling for the last 2 years, best thing I've ever done. Therapy has a bad reputation, but it doesn't mean there's something wrong with you. It means that you know you need help in some areas, so you're asking someone for help, and that actually takes courage. You can also find Christian counselors if that's something you want to look into. And don't worry about being put on drugs, I doubt that's the first avenue they'd go down, plus you'd only have to take them if you want to. 
I've heard it said many different ways before: Set for yourself an unattainable goal- a destination that cannot be found.  It is not the finding, the completion that matters.  It is the journey- evolution.  Along the way, through discipline and perseverance, you may find that you have become better and more complete than you ever could have imagined.  

That was worth the watch. 

One of the things I have to ask, is how is he still alive after being exposed to HIV?
Its 2015.
People can live many years with HIV. Look at Magic Johnson.

And it just keeps getting worse for Christians. ...  but isnt that what we expect. ...
Thats what happens when you rely on the government for funding. They are going to demand a voice in the way you teach.  This would be a lot worse if the school was privately funded.
Isn't that how it's supposed to be though? If a muslim group was receiving gov funding, I would be pissed if they discriminated against other groups.

This is a great read, thank you. 

I suggest a good Glock and an AR-15.
Islam is spreading around the globe.
It is a tragedy.

I was worrying over midterms here as a college student. And two of the things stressing me out is geography and environmental science drawing attention away from my important core classes. 

And I completely forgot this perspective. A great deal of stress is lifted if I change my attitude to being privileged to learn about God's systems in such detail. 

Thank you for sharing your thoughts, and God bless brother. 
Thank you for reading and commenting. I hope that you remember to look at everything in a new light.
Bit of a back story,

My girlfriend and I are Christians. And, my girlfriend's family is huge on premarital kissing. Yet, they are completely fine with hand-holding, hugging, and kisses on the cheek or forehead. My family and I don't believe it's necessary to withhold the kissing on the lips. But, I am very open to my mind being changed. 

My question here is where exactly, in the bible, does it directly state premarital kissing is a bad thing?

The only sources online I've found give verses that either indirectly reference premarital sexual acts such as fornication, thus they assume it means kissing as well. Or, they seem to completely take things out of context. 

Also, please refrain from only saying "it will ultimately lead to premarital fornication." Because, I have no intention or wishes to indulge in intercourse. But, yes, I do accept the fact that it's only natural to wish to take it to the next step once one feels kissing is not enough. Just, those feelings I feel I could easily deny because I've been raised against it. 

Anyway, I appreciate anyone's input on the matter! Thank you to all who take the time out to reply! And, I will reply to any questions when I wake up in the morning and find the time to do so. As it is getting late here.
> Also, please refrain from only saying "it will ultimately lead to premarital fornication." Because, I have no intention or wishes to indulge in intercourse. But, yes, I do accept the fact that it's only natural to wish to take it to the next step once one feels kissing is not enough. Just, those feelings I feel I could easily deny because I've been raised against it.

I was exactly like you. I thought I was strong enough. I wasn't. In the first three separate relationships that I had before I met my wife, we went to far, over a steady progression of moving past boundaries. When I met my wife, she had a rule that we didn't even kiss at all until we were engaged.

/u/DarklordZerato, there's a difference between following the letter and following the Spirit. You don't need the Bible to explicitly tell you not to do something that is unwise.

The Bible doesn't talk about tobacco but says that you have to be pure and avoid anything that can enslave you, and defile you... 

This is a principle. 

For pre-marital kissing, they're is no rule. Just know yourself and your fiance, don't do something you'd regret. 

My first kiss was with the woman that is my wife... I was very stressed... My heart exploded. 

Just be careful and pray. 
It's coming down to your judgement.  Asking for where in the bible it is prohibited isn't the best way I'd thinking about your relationship though.  I mean to say don't look to what you can get away with.  And don't wound the conscience of your girlfriend. 

I know you don't want to hear it, but speaking from my experience and other's: kissing can very easily lead to you messing up in other ways you never intended.  It can be a very sensible move to avoid it.  You don't have to avoid it, but you can and it's sensible.

But it's a wisdom issue not a sin issue.  Do as you think is wise. :) I kissed my now wife.
"My question here is where exactly, in the bible, does it directly state premarital kissing is a bad thing?"

Now, there's a ton I don't know about the Bible.  But never in my thirty-something years of engaging in reading and studying the Bible have I encountered a prohibition against premarital kissing.  I welcome corrections about this.

This seems like it's just their morality and the morality they want for their daughter.

This might be more of a relationship (including family) question.   
That brings me to a follow up question. What all does the bible say about purity? And would that include any premarital kissing, as I addressed above? 

I've read the verses that talks about purity, and the way that I understand it is purity is basically 'no sexuality exhibited,' correct? For instance, one cannot look at another with lust, because that is committing adultery within oneself. Or, obviously, one cannot fornicate.  
Jesus didn't make things easier by clarifying the law in the sermon on the mount. Sin is an issue of the heart. So what is the fear instilled by entertaining the notion of premarital kissing? I imagine it's pretty obvious to most people that it's lust. If there are moments where you covet your girlfriend in a sexual way, the sin in your heart is no different than if you had actually had sex with her (Matt. 5:28). It's also written repeatedly in the Song of Solomon not to "awaken love before its time" (2:7, 3:5, 8:4). So anything you do in your relationship that leads to lust should be avoided completely.

Finally, I point you to pretty much all of Romans 14. Personally, I would say your girlfriend and her family are the "weaker in faith" on this particular point. But that's only compared to someone who can kiss their SO and awaken precisely zero lust in their own heart. And there's also this to consider: maybe you could do this, but she couldn't. You would still be bound by scripture to care for her by not kissing until the wedding.

And I, too, can attest to the pride that goeth before this particular fall. Making out with previous girlfriends has always led to pushing boundaries, even if we had explicitly set them up ahead of time. We are (mostly) hardwired to want more when we get a taste. Again, this isn't a  blanket condemnation - or endorsement - of premarital kissing. But you have to honestly and maturely examine your own heart and be constantly mindful of hers.

Hope that's helpful!
     Some of your question is cultural.
     Some of your question is about "how far is too far"

If you look at Song of Solomon, you will see a few things.
1. She says "let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth"
2. She says "do not awaken love before it's time"

This makes me think kissing is fine (if it is not an affront to her morals or family).  The warning about going too far has a clear stop sign before fornication. 

 The Bible was written within cultures that did not put off marriage until people were old.  They were married young, and had lots of kids (pre birth control pills) so the artificially long courtship we have makes it more difficult to work out a healthy culture.

     So
        Fornication is forbidden
        Kissing is allowed
        Marriage is great!
        cold showers are helpful
        pornography is dangerous

I realize that for certain things it shouldn't be 'well, the bible doesn't talk about it..must be okay!' But, no matter how unwise it is, I just wanted to know where my girlfriend's family found their basis in believing that. They claim the bible says it, and I wanted to know if that were true.

Also, keep in mind, even if my girlfriend decides to follow up with this no kissing till we're married, I'm completely fine with that. I won't break up with her over something as silly as this. 
[deleted]
Yes, I understand that. The bible is never been something you're supposed to go to to see what one can get away with. Because it's too easy to twist word's meanings to fit the agenda. 

Also, I'm not taking this knowledge to my girlfriend unless she brings it up. Because I know it is her wish to stay away from kissing. And I respect that. I just wanted to know for the sake of knowing. I was truly curious as to what the bible says about it. 

And, yeah, I also do realize how easy it can become once kissing is allowed. 

I'm going to wait until my girlfriend is comfortable with kissing. Whether it be before or after marriage. 
See..that's exactly what I thought as well. But, I wanted to make sure that I wasn't missing anything where, in the bible, does it say premarital kissing is sexually immoral. 
I've read about the verse you talked about in Mat 5:28, and I did think about that greatly. But, to be honest, I've never wanted to go any farther, sexually, with her aside from the urge to kiss every once in awhile. But, that's me. 

My girlfriend, I'm not sure, yet, how strong willed she is when it comes to that. And that thought crosses my mind constantly when I think about it. I understand we're pretty much hard wired to go for more once we get a sample. And, I will not push her to sin. That is why I've withheld thus far. 

Which is why I like where you put "And there's also this to consider: maybe you could do this, but she couldn't. You would still be bound by scripture to care for her by not kissing until the wedding." I will not kiss her until she is ready. Whether it be before or after we're married.

I'm fairly new to studying theology in detail, so I wasn't familiar with Romans 14 or the Song of Solomon until you brought it to my attention. So, that was really interesting.

All in all, I thank you for the insightful post! And it helped greatly!

Yeah, the cultural difference between then and now is crazy. However, one question I feel that would come up sooner later is..would waiting now show God the strong will you have to wait and stay pure in the name of God? 

Or, does it not make much a difference, like another commented about Romans 14. Would it be a situation of 'they had good intentions, but it wasn't necessary.' 

Fornication is forbidden. I'm fine with that!

Kissing is allowed. Sounds great to me!

Marriage is great! I sure hope so.haha

Cold showers are helpful. Man, I likes me some hot showers during these winter months though.

Pornography is dangerous. I agree.
> Also, keep in mind, even if my girlfriend decides to follow up with this no kissing till we're married, I'm completely fine with that. I won't break up with her over something as silly as this.

One danger to avoid . . . 

  Many who make a big deal of virginity have a hard time having healthy intimacy and sexuality because the made such a goal of "no sex" that they misplaced the idea that SEX IS GREAT, and God gives it as a gift.

Check out the info on [attachment theory](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attachment_theory) as it is helpful in learning the best that science has to offer about making your relationship work long term.

I was obviously offering my comments in an attempt to help the young man understand that we, as humans, are often capable of being self-diluted. It was an attempt for him to learn from my mistakes. 

I was offering that advice because it __absolutely wasn't okay__ for me to do what I did. The heartbreak and pain that I caused myself and these three young ladies was immense. Not knowing their emotional condition today, I can only speak for myself; it took years to overcome the shame of my sin.
You could always go to the oremus Bible browser and search for words similar to kissing and see what pops up.
I'm so glad! Still praying for you guys!
I could see an unhealthy sexual relationship  happening very easily with those who have a strong religious background and whatnot.

Thanks for the link, though! I'll definitely look into what science has to provide when it comes to keeping a long term relationship healthy. I appreciate the help!
Dunno why, but my reddit never notified me of these comments. Which is why I'm replying late. My deleted comment was a horribly late reply explaining what you're post meant and how it helped me.

I do thank you for your insight on the matter. 

This subreddit has helped me immensely in seeing where the bible says it's okay to kiss, as well as where it's not. That gives me biblical reference. And, adding on the experiences/opinions of others facing the same problem I am, gives me more of a moral reference.
Will do. Thanks for the suggestion!
I want to believe, I really really do... It comes in spurts where it's like there's not doubt of God being there, and other times I just can't feel anything. I pray daily, I thank God for what he has done for me, but it doesn't feel like anyone is listening... Does anyone else ever experience things like this? I try so hard to believe I go to church almost every two weeks and I read devotions every day...
Perhaps you do not know who it is you seek. The way I found him, I mean, came to have a relationship with him after he  convinced me he was real...was by actively seeking him otherwise I would have stayed in that same place, believing in him but not getting to know or love him. It took reading my bible, in its pages I came to know my father and the assurance of his truth. I also came to the realisation he needed me to commit to him, heart and soul not just when ever I needed him, I had to really give up my all to him. I had to trust in him completely and give him my life. That was what I call my point of conversion. When I made that leap in full knowledge my life was to be lived as he instructs. It was my light bulb moment. I was born again and he is making a new person out of me. I see the change that has come over all facets of my personality and life and I know without a single doubt there is a great and good Heavenly Father who loves us so much he gave his only son, that he cares enough about me, a prodigal 'son' if there ever was one! Everyday He gives me peace, calmness, happiness. No drug, no worldly pleasure could ever compare. The void inside me is filled. I still seek him everyday, read my bible and talk to him, my love grows as I walk closer with him. I make time for him now and he gives me back so much more than I give. If you are doing things by rote, going to church, saying manufactured for the masses prayers, hoping that somehow God will rub off on you you are seeking the wrong God. He is a real Father, he wants you to really seek and find him. He is not some manufactured entity that responds to endless repetition to hear you, he needs your heartfelt call. Really, he wants a relationship with you, not an automaton bowing and scraping, you are greatly prized and loved! treat him like that too, much love.
My friend, do not listen to C_E - he's not out to benefit you, he's out to serve his world view.

I suggest the book "Streams in the Desert" as your new daily devotions. It has many insights into different feelings we find during our walks with Christ.

Please know that Christ is there with you now, and simply because you don't feel Him, does not mean He isn't there. Take a moment to take a deep breathe and realize that ***God loves you.***

Everyone walks through hard times, and times of doubt. You are not unlike anyone else - I would pursue talking to a pastor, and friends from church about the issue. Trust that they will not be looking to judge you, but help heal you. Just as you would if someone else came to you with the same problem.

My last statement is one I heard and adopted into my own: *Faith isn't believing whether God exists or not, faith is knowing that God will not fail you.*

Think of it like a chair, when you go to sit down, you have faith the chair will hold you up, and not just fall apart under your weight. Most of the time you probably don't even look to see if the chair is there when you sit down. You just put your faith in it. Because you know it's there. In that same manner, **God is there.** Rest, and put your weight on Him, my weary and tired brother. God is seeking you more than you are seeking Him.
What's preventing you from believing? Can you put it into words?
This may be a late reply and I'm also not the most experienced at this...
That said, there's a time for everything and the bible talks of seasons. Appreciate the season you are in.
Redemption is by faith not by your works. Acknowledge this and pray for patience.
James 2:14-26 : Faith without action is dead. When the spurts come when you feel the lords presence, listen and act.
 Philippians 4:8King James Version (KJV) : Meditate on the word of God. Rituals like going to church vis-a-vis 10 minutes with God(praise, reading the bible, prayer) when done in earnest cannot compare.
Every. Single. Day. But it's healthy to ask questions. It means you are being active in your faith. And the word faith is just that... having complete confidence in something or someone and not knowing whether or not it is true. 
"If the gospel isn't true, it doesn't matter. If it is, then nothing else matters" -C.S. Lewis
The best request that I asked of God and Jesus was that I feel their love. We are growing in a nation that is slowly losing our christian-based backbone and many people do not experience the love of Christ because we do not allow God to work or you are seeking it, yet it seems impossible to hear or see.

What helped my personal walk, and this varies with others, was that I prayed fervently just to have the opportunity and discernment to not miss out on his blessings and signs/communication. 

It can be tricky and trying at times but God is NOT dead and God LOVES you. Take it from someone who has made almost every wrong decision in this life and yet I wake up every morning and I count that a blessing, in and of itself.

Always be conscious of your decisions and always pray to God. Do not just go through the motions. If you go through the motion, then you are nothing other than a religious robot. We, the /r/Christian community, care and pray and intercede for you; that you can find what is needed from God in order to take your relationship to the next level!

Fight the good fight!
You cannot believe by yourself.

You should first confess your sins to God and repent of them,
asking for forgiveness and guidance.

Better read the New Testament Bible, day by day,
thinking about what you read,
and applying the commands of Jesus Christ into your life.

That's what i did, and gradually by God's grace,
i did believe that Jesus Christ is really Son of God and Savior,
and became a Christian, thanks to God.
Read, "The Parable of the Sower." 
Look at your heart and really think about what Jesus is saying. 
Why would you want to believe in the first place
[removed]
Thank you. 
Just feels like talking to a wall
We need more people like you. 
You should leave this place.
Any new developments?

Are you trying too hard, maybe? Do you have anxiety? 
I could be trying to hard... Yes I do have anxiety 
I don't know if this might help?

[Come Back to God by HH Pope Shenouda III w English Subtitles part 1 & 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3IKtj79rwE)
The video doesn't work
It doesn't play?

Isn't this the 'cut my life into pieces' guy?
Is there more? I would love to see his performance as well. I've listened to PR since high school (2002) and never knew this about Jacoby. 
Yup... Interesting to see how one's life evolves as the years go by.
[Here's his performance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64llXIHwSZc). Not the best quality, but very cool to see how passionate he is.
Thank you. 
And now in stereo (from the opposite side)!!!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sKci_R829o
My grandmother has just been admitted to surgery to remove a hemorrhaging tumor.  The doctors reassure us but I thought having a few extra prayers wouldn't hurt. Thanks!
Praying :)
Holy shit if she's 85 she's probably going to pass soon. I work at a retirement home and it's just a way a life... Sorry :( 
Thank you! She actually came out several hours ago. Didn't have time to include it in the original post but she was found to have a tumor in her sinuses. Massive and hugely vascular, causing bleeding. They were able to get most of it out but were unable to fully clear it, and are now concerned it may be cancer. She's no longer bleeding, but the concern is whether it will grow again. At 85, it's doubtful that the cancer would be the one to take her, but the growing and possibly bleeding is a problem. Sorry for rambling and thank you again for your prayer as it is definitely helpful.
I posted this about a month ago. She actually passed about two weeks ago.
God is so good! I'll keep praying for her
Thank you! For now, she is doing quite well. Uncomfortable though since they packed her nose, but otherwise recovering.
So there have been a few big questions about God lately, and one of the biggest is the idea that an all-loving God would punish humans infinitely for a finite punishment. We are told God loves us as his children but how could a Father subject his own kids to eternity in Hell? 
God is all-loving, but He is also righteous and just. When we sin (which we all do, Romans 3:23) it offends God. Because He is perfect, He can't tolerate imperfection.

Because God is all-loving, He sent Jesus to die in our place on the cross. He provided a way for us to receive salvation, and to not have to spend eternity in hell.

Think of it this way. A man who has committed a crime is brought before a judge. The judge convicts him and sets a fine for the criminal to pay. But then the judge comes down and pays the fine himself.

Someone had to pay the fine. It could have been the criminal or the judge. If the judge had just let it slide, and let the man go without a penalty, would the judge be just? No, he'd be unjust!

God is like that judge, and we are like the criminal. We stand convicted before God in our sin but Jesus paid the fine for us on the cross. Because Jesus lived a perfect, sinless life, He was the perfect sacrifice for us all.

So we can either pay for our sin in Hell for all eternity or accept that Jesus has paid it all--because the justice and righteousness of God demands that someone pays the fine. God's forgiveness reaches all--because of Jesus' perfect sacrifice, any sin can be forgiven.

Nothing we do can gain God's favor, because even if a criminal had done lots of good things in his life, the judge would still convict him. Believe in the risen Jesus, our perfect Savior!
Many Christians also believe in annihilationism. Which suggests that those who choose not to be with God simply cease to exist. 
Because you aren't condemned, but saved.

http://www.gotquestions.org/who-will-go-to-hell.html
There is a view that God annihilates those that choose to reject him. This is often called the [Second Death](http://www.goodnewsaboutgod.com/studies/seconddeath2.htm)
God doesn't send people to hell. People *choose* hell when they decide to act apart from God. God is love. But, if God is telling you to go one way and you decide to go the other, which you can very well freely do, you're choosing eternal death. Deuteronomy 4:24 says "For the Lord your God is a jealous God among you...". God is jealous because He knows that there is nothing else out there for you. There is no real peace to experience outside of excepting Jesus, no real rest. But, if that's the way you decide to go, despite every fiber in your soul telling you not to. You are free to do that.
Check out www.hopebeyondhell.net and read the free ebook they offer there. 
But didn't he make us? Why did he make us imperfectly and subject to the temptations of sin. If he is omniscient, he must know even before we are born which will fail and which will be saved. Are the unrepentant sinners just intended to be object lessons?
I struggle with the hypothesis that god is perfect, but he can't stand us sinners and punishes those who don't let Jesus into their hearts, punishes those who are ignorant of the Christian faith. 
This seems like the actions of an irrational and imperfect being?

I've been a Christ-Follower for nearly 3 years and I've struggled with that question for awhile. You have answered it for me. God bless you!
Is this in the bible or something we've made up?
But that seems extreme and borderline evil does it not? How do you explain the eternal damnation of millions of people that have never heard about Christianity?
He made us but he didn't make us imperfect. We fell because of Adam and Eve.
From what I know, there is no verse that explicitly spells this out. Its a theological position based on God's character, that a loving God wouldn't allow a person to suffer infinitely for finite sins. Further, the belief that God is the source of life means that if someone choose to separate themselves from the source, they don't have life/existence, they simply cease to exist. When the bible speaks of eternal punishment, it could mean that a person will forever cease to exist. 
> Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather, be afraid of the One who can **destroy both soul and body in hell**. - [Mathew 10:28](http://biblehub.com/matthew/10-28.htm)

-

> For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not **perish** but have eternal life. - [John 3:16](http://biblehub.com/john/3-16.htm)

-

> He that overcometh shall not be hurt by the **Second Death**. [Rev 2:11](http://biblehub.com/revelation/2-11.htm)

-

> And (after the judgment) death and hell (hades = the unseen) were cast into the lake of fire. This is the **Second Death**. [Rev 20:14](http://biblehub.com/revelation/20-14.htm)

-

> But the cowardly and unbelieving and the abominable and murders, and sexually immoral and sorcerers and idolaters and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the **second death**. [Rev 21:8](http://biblehub.com/revelation/21-8.htm)

While there may not be explicit description of annihilation, there is evidence that things work like this:

* FIRST BIRTH = PHYSICAL
* SECOND BIRTH = SPIRITUAL

* FIRST DEATH = PHYSICAL
* SECOND DEATH = SPIRITUAL
But he must have known that would happen.
It sounds to me like an attempt to soften the stated depiction of god. Most of what I gather you assume is just that, an assumption and personal interpretation.  Does the bible talk about states of ceasing to exist? 
Actually there is no evidence things work like that. Just some dudes wrote something that have been translated too many times and rewritten and edited. 
Of course He knew it would happen He is God, but he also knew He would have to send down His one and only son as the perfect sacrifice to rescue us from sin.
Here's an article overview

http://reknew.org/2008/01/the-case-for-annihilationism/
*sigh* .... Forest for trees.
So, basically, there are certain people in the world that he knows from the moment that they are conceived, will fail and fall to sin, thereby suffering eternal damnation. That doesn't seem like a very good system admittedly.
"Supporting Arguments 1) Unending Suffering is Inconsistent with the Love of God"

Lol but the slaughter of newborns, stoning to death and killing people for tattooing their skin is ok? Seems like another case of cherry picking.  
Not really. But keep living your illusion if it makes you happy. 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=13Y7fq6wD80
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eOQ16U0i0l4
I believe that everything must be read through the lens of Jesus - if he wouldn't do it then God wouldn't. So any passages like this that don't look like something Jesus would've done must be re-understood, mainly as a people projecting their beliefs onto God. The can't be taken at face value.
Thank you for the links, but they didn't really address the main thrust of my confusion. Let me try to reiterate.

1. God is omniscient. He knows the future, he knows the past. He knows the ultimate fate of every person He creates -- IE if that person will accept God's grace/forgiveness and live according to the scriptures or if that person won't, for whatever reason.

2. Those who do not ask God for forgiveness are damned to live outside of His grace, presumably in hell.

Does this not mean then that God creates people that he surely must know will fail this crucial test? People for whom the die is cast already in the  moment they are conceived? Can God really be surprised by faith?
Couldn't the same be said for the new testament? Obviously the Old Testament is fire and brimstone god. In my opinion the New Testament is fluffier and softer god because the human psyche had grown and evolved their religious ideologies. But it is still possible that it's still a projection. 
Okay I think I understand now. 
The truth is I don't know if God makes people like that. But what I do know is we are born into sin because of the fall. That is why He sent down His only son as the perfect sacrifice to pay our debt. I'm sorry I don't have any other information for you. If there is anything I can pray for you for I'll gladly do it. 
Yes, I agree this is possible. One thing to consider, however, is that the OT God in the nasty, violent parts strongly reflects the mindset of of the culture, that of a warrior god. Jesus, on the other hand, constantly contradicts what people expect, especially the religious, insiders. They were (naturally-given the OT) expecting the messiah to unleash a violent revolution and overthrow the Romans and restore Israel to prominence. Instead, he unleashed a non-violent revolution of love and acceptance for all people of all cultures.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
The religious insiders didn't write the bible. The parts we have written on Jesus... perhaps the writers of those particular stories were passive aggressive? Or Buddhists? 
All of the NT books were written by Jewish people. Paul, who wrote half the NT, was a "Pharisee of Pharisees", meaning one of the most rigorous insiders possible. He even details that he could claim to be the most Jewish of Jews if he wanted to.
I'm not sure that's been proven
no - and it never will be. but, even a cursory read through the NT shows that whoever wrote the books had a very thorough understanding on Jewish life, thought, religion, expectations. even if the authors weren't jewish, the books portray jewish people as being surprised and befuddled by Jesus' actions, and many 'outsiders' getting it.
This is a challenge a LDS book entitled "Preach My Gospel" brings up, and it's something I've been pondering myself. In not talking salvational issues, but more about how God is working today. Things like faith healing, talking in tounges (Pentecostal/Charismatic churches v. Churches that do not believe in these e.g. open brethren), and unconditional election and predestination (Calvinism v. Arminianism).


I see it insufficient to say that each person should study what the scriptures say on a topic and pray about it, and form ones own view, while respecting the views held strongly by those they disagree with. If I do these things, then I have faith that the spirit has shown me the truth, I should be convinced that those with differing views are either heretics, or one of us is not truly bring lead by the spirit.


I'm sorry if I'm rambling, but I'm confused on this issue, and the view that none of the reformed churches are being led by the revealer of truth and convictor, the holy spirit. Could someone please help me understand?
There are a couple of things going on here. First of all, I believe it is necessary to let clear revelation elucidate those that are unclear. One of the reasons we have so many divisions is because people strongly attribute supernatural value to ideas that are not at all supernatural. Those confusions could be avoided by careful reading of scripture. So Joesph Smith gets no points.

Of those that remain, we can attribute some difference to subjective realities. To pull an example from an earlier discussion on my wall, it is right and good practice for a denomination in the united states to expect women to wear shirts. This is not the case in certain African cultures. In the same way where repeated alter calls may be appreciated in a church that reaches recovering drug addicts in the inner city, it becomes dis-preferable to interesting expository preaching and discussion from the original languages in a college town comfortable with the marketplace of ideas. It's possible that the holy spirit said all of these things, and they are true for all the people to whom it was said about their contexts.

Finally, there needs to be an appreciation for how rarely denominational differences are actually doctrinal. Here I am being Scholarshiped by the Presbyterian Church for seminary and I'm not even a Calvinist (their main theological distinctive) Baptists as a movement scarcely have doctrinal convictions at all (although their members certainly do). Denominations are divided by politics as often as anything else either church level politics (John got in a fight with Chuck, and now he's left to start his own church) or actual geopolitical issues (We used to be part of the church of England in the colonies but the colonies have just declared independence) Holy Spirit need not apply.
I think part of it is also that we are imperfect beings trying to understand a perfect God. Different people make different assumptions about God's character, thus we end up with different teachings/teaching methods. 
Because most Christians attribute human epiphany or their own fleshly feelings, emotions and thought processes as being from the Holy Spirit. Men accredit their fleshly and sinful nature the weight of the Holy Spirit, and the result is a divisive and fleshly perversion of the gospel.

How do you discern the flesh (mind and body) or the influence of unclean spirits from the Holy Spirit?

I can't tell you how because, except for a very few rare instance, looking back in hindsight, I don't know how myself. Regardless, I have unwavering confidence in the path required to reach that point... admit your blindness, die to yourself, and with fear and trembling seek God with every fiber of your being. *Trust in the Lord with all your heart and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him,
And He will make your paths straight.*

Herein lies the biggest problem with Christianity today: the unwillingness or incapability of Christians to throw away everything they think and believe, and pursue God for answers instead of turning to men.

Don't understand how the Holy Spirit works? Go to God.

Don't understand why some things are wrong and some things are right? Go to God.

Don't even know who God is, or if He even exists? Go to God.

Continue to go to God until you receive the answers you're looking for. Continue knocking, and the door will be opened, maybe not on your timetable, but God's timetable. *Seek and you shall find.* He *wants* you to seek Him.

I strive only to share what the Holy Spirit has given to me. I *do* know that becoming free from the influences of the flesh and unclean spirits is a big part of it, but I'm still on that journey myself so other than to relay my own experiences, I can't tell you much more myself.
Just like society, Christianity will have its factions. Humans are attracted to their subjective interests, thus bringing them to a faith that is relatable. The thing to note here is that theologies serve as the foundation for churches which entails that there is a lack of unity all together. There was once a time in Rome that the Church was in charge of everything secular to spiritual, but there was a collapse of this monarchy in 1318 providing a clear reasoning that humans are more reliant on external means. If I am sick I might pray to God, but eventually I will see a doctor who is reimbursed by....the state. My point here is that the Bible has left so many voids and it is us who full them with personal theologies and opinions of Christianity. My ending argument... Why even bother?
So we can conclude two things here:
-God is perfect.
-Man is not. 

That leaves us the message. Is it perfect or not? Since it is the message of God one would assume it is. Though, if we look at all the different versions and translations which have divided so many people over so many centuries it doesn't seem so perfect, especially if you consider that everybody who ends up with the wrong version goes to hell (or a lesser heaven). God could've easily created a message that was clearly and undoubtedly divine, with the exact guidelines/rules on how to live. 

God is no stranger to dividing the people (Babel) and since he is perfect, so is his message. It is perfect by being purposely imperfect. So one of the goals of the message(s) must be to purposely divide people. However, sending lots of people to hell because of a ruse He created himself, seems a bit unfair. 


How do you know we didn't attribute "god" as one of our fleshy feelings?  If there are so many variations and denominations on religion, how can you be sure any if the evidence presented is not tainted or made up? (Specifically talking about the Christian bible which is where Christians get their ideas from in the first place)
Hence athiesm
Or we can conclude that god is a made up fan fiction of our primitive minds. 
The fact that his message can be interpreted different ways shows how NOT perfect things are. Or are my dictionary definition and yours different?
> How do you know we didn't attribute "god" as one of our fleshy feelings?

You don't. All you can do is admit the truth (i.e. your ignorance) to God, and proceed as best as you can, always deferring everything you do back to God. In time God will grow you and teach you so that you gain confidence and begin to understand how to walk more maturely. This is what being a Christian is supposed to be like. We aren't supposed to have absolute certainty about everything, or anything, unless we receive it from God. We are supposed to *work out our salvation with fear and trembling*. 

>  If there are so many variations and denominations on religion, how can you be sure any if the evidence presented is not tainted or made up? (Specifically talking about the Christian bible which is where Christians get their ideas from in the first place)

You can't, which is precisely why I would tell you to throw all of those things out. They're useless. Garbage. The Bible isn't garbage, but everything else that men have built up around it. Take it all with a grain of salt.

The Bible is beautiful and precious to me, but I only came to this point-of-view after I started reading the Bible and I found the Bible agreed with everything I knew through my relationship with God, not the other way around. I would tell people to seek God first. Read the Bible, but don't expect to understand anything you read. Don't use it as a manual for understanding God. Just read it and approach it like you do everything else, submitting it all to God as you continue to walk with Him.

Note, even though I say the Bible is precious to me, I still have a hard time reading it. I'm just not much of a reader and I have a hard time sacrificing the personal time to read even the Bible. I love it and understand how valuable it is, but my fleshly nature, my personality keep me from reading it as much as I would like to. In this case I know something about myself that I would like to change, but as I'm incapable of changing myself, I submit it to God and I trust that, in time, if He wants me to read the Bible more He will help me change that part of myself. That's how I've come to understand my walk with God works.

Ultimately, our path to God is so simple. Reject everything, seek Him, and throughout your day-to-day life continue to submit everything to Him. When in doubt, reject everything and seek Him again. In time, He will take care of the rest. Modern Christians have perverted this and made it so much more complicated than it really is.
I do not believe so, though I think my ability to recognize of irony is a bit better than yours. 
Couple of questions. You say the bible is perfect but everything perceived/made by man is flawed. The bible is written by people many many years after the events depicted. How do you know those stories that you base your whole faith and idea of god isn't tainted and false? If you say "you can't" then aren't you admiting your beliefs are just you making up what you want to believe? We know for a fact the bible was hand written by man and no direct evidence of gods "word" is present... Anywhere. Isnt it possible you have been fooled from the beginning and your ideas are a result of social and self conditioning?
Your grammar also wins
> Couple of questions. You say the bible is perfect but everything perceived/made by man is flawed.

I never said the Bible is perfect. I wouldn't say it's 100% accurate, factually indisputable, superbly well written, a work of art, or anything like that, which is what people usually mean by "perfect".

> The bible is written by people many many years after the events depicted. How do you know those stories that you base your whole faith and idea of god isn't tainted and false?

My faith, my relationship with God, isn't based on stories from the Bible. Having lived in the USA where our culture is heavily influenced by Christianity, and having Christian parents, I obviously was aware of these stories, but my relationship with God isn't, and never has been, dependent upon the Bible. I know this for a fact because even if by some fluke the Bible was completely discredited, proven to be written by King James himself as a work of fiction or some such fantasy, my relationship with God would remain exactly the same as it is now. There are also many stories of people being saved without any prior knowledge of the Bible or it's contents.

My approach to the Bible is simply to read it, think about it, perhaps find it interesting but don't draw any conclusions, and just submit it all to God at the end of the day. If I get something out of it, it's because God makes something I read from it "real" to me through some method outside the Bible itself. Because of this, I'm not concerned with small details like the physical reality of how the book was written, compiled, translated and delivered to me. The end result remains the same regardless of these factors. That said, I'm convinced the writings contained in the Bible were written by men, influenced by the hand of God, for His own purposes and to benefit us all.

> If you say "you can't" then aren't you admiting your beliefs are just you making up what you want to believe? 

It's only me making it up if there is no outside agency (i.e. God) and my personal experiences with "God" are just figments of my own imagination.

If you can't trust your own senses, how can you know anything? You have to trust them in order to take a first step at some point, correct? My experiences are as real as the keyboard I'm typing on. That said, the beautiful part about a relationship with God is that even trusting your own senses isn't required.

*God, if you are real, show yourself to me.*

It doesn't even have to be spoken, just *meant*. It's as simple as that. If your (not you specifically) subsequent experiences confirm God's existence to you, then that's all you require to believe. You're not required to trust what anyone else tells you about God, or examine the historical physical evidence and try to draw scientifically sound conclusions. All these things are debatable anyways, so what's the point. You're not required to do anything but honestly *want* to know God.

> We know for a fact the bible was hand written by man and no direct evidence of gods "word" is present... Anywhere. Isnt it possible you have been fooled from the beginning and your ideas are a result of social and self conditioning?

Whether the Bible was written by man's hand or not doesn't really mean anything. We know for a fact that God's hand is on *everything*, so even if theoretically someone wrote the Bible as a joke or a piece of fiction, it would still technically be by God's hand, intent, divine purpose or whatever you want to call it. Based on everything I've seen, I happen to believe it was written for our benefit, not as a joke or a work of fiction.

What exactly is "direct evidence of God's word"? Unless you're referring to God literally reaching out His hand and writing text for us to read, as He did with the ten commandments. As far as I'm aware, no such "direct evidence" exists.

> Isnt it possible you have been fooled from the beginning and your ideas are a result of social and self conditioning?

Sure. The same could be said for anyone or anything. Like I said, if I'm insane and can't even trust my own judgement, then I suppose anything is possible.

The difference between me and those who *have* been influenced by society and self conditioning? Other people, members of any other religion or non-religion, will tell you what to do, how to live, what to believe, etc. I'm the only one telling you to reject all those things and seek the answer (i.e. God) personally. Or not. To be honest, I don't believe in evangelism. Whatever you do, however you live, you should always do what you honestly believe is right. Doing anything half-heartedly or without your heart in it won't do anyone any good. I'm not trying to sell anything, so this is all just a fun intellectual, philosophical discussion as far as I'm concerned.
Must've been because of the dot at the end of my sentence! :D
Thank you for your reply. I was interested by your responses. :)
No problem. It was my pleasure. Have a great day.

And a Casino as one of the sponsors?!? 
What's the lineup look like?  Anyone in particular that you were interested in seeing?
Haha, I thought that was odd as well, but they are actually a sponsor of the Verizon amphitheater, which itself is sponsored by Verizon. 
Casting Crowns And Third Day

Hi.  I'm a leftist and a Christian, but I don't know much about the intersection. I'm familiar with leftism as a whole and Christianity as a whole - do you have any advice or recommendations?
Well it depend what you mean by "left wing" do you mean socially liberal? Fiscally liberal? Both?

for the former there are a lot of Christian libertarians who work towards helping people distinguish morality vs legality and want people to be able to make choices as individuals and handle the repercussions for their decisions as individuals. Basically the idea is that its between them and God. Not them, me, the govt, and God. Therefore they should be free to do whatever they want as long as it does not involve initiating the use of force against someone. /r/libertarian has quite a few Christians and I'm sure someone could recommend references.

if you mean more fiscally liberal, than you probably want to check out /r/radicalchristianity they take Gods command to give away all that you have pretty darn seriously. I discovered them after reading David Platt's "Radical". For the most part they are anti-state and anti-capitalist but they are also mostly pacifists so they advocate non-violence and non-resistance. I definitely recommend checking them out... Don't let terms like Christian anarchy scare you off before you see what they are all about.

Then there are a few people (such as myself) that I would describe as Christian Voluntarist. Libertarian outlook on morality taken to its full extent but with Christ at its center. We want to live In a stateless, voluntary society... What many would call an a anarcho-capitalist society... Because we see using force to make people take part in a communist or socialist as wrong. In a free market people can choose to submit to a socialist or communist system, but it has to be done voluntarily. The biggest problem we face when we try to work along side most Christian anarchists is that they think our favoring of a capitalist system as being due to greed. That isn't true at all. As I said we just want everything to be done as voluntarily as possible. I would check out /r/anarcho_capitalism ... There's a new thread about Christianity & Ancap philosophy on a nearly weekly basis.

anywho... Hope that helps.
Check out /r/OpenChristian, /r/RadicalChristianity, /r/ChristianPacifism, /r/ChristianUniversalism, and /r/ChristianAnarchism.
I'll just assume you're not talking about left-handedness...
Check out Jesus Radicals. You might find them helpful http://www.jesusradicals.com/
Liberal Christian here! Taking care of the weakest among us is as Christ like as it comes if you ask me. ;D
I'd encourage you to look into the different kinds of socialism. Jesus is definitely a socialist, in that He wants us to be constantly and proactively loving one another. The early church (see the end of Acts 2) viewed their property as belonging to the whole, not to individuals.  Any chance they found to sell something and use the money to help a brother or sister, they would take.

BUT there is no mention of involving the government in this corporate ownership. This is voluntary, small scale socialism.

In the case of Ananias and Sapphira (Acts 5), Peter specifically mentions that the money was theirs; they were only struck dead for lying.
I'm from Washington State, left-wing Christians are pretty common over here. 

right-wing politicians have claimed to represent traditional Christian values, and have when it comes to traditional marriage and abortion. But they also neglect the poor and sick and create disparity between the classes. Those on the left are silent as to their Christian-style policies to avoid alienation of atheists and those of other faiths. Those on the right are very open about their Christian motivation and the myth of the GOP being the party of god is created.

Left-wing Christians are out there, and I think that there's a lot of them too, they're just more quiet about it.
I'm aRepublican Christian on Reddit. Great.
I'm a left libertarian, as Jesus Christ himself❣

I consider it quite oxymoronic when right wing people claim that they are Christian... :-)
I'm liberal.  i like social justice.  i think it is a very christian idea.  i also am totally fine with the government taking away my rights for the sake of others given that my life here is only a blink of an eye.  also, i think abortion has no place in political conversation given that it will always be legal, and no one will ever do anything about it as long as people in our country as a whole still approve of it.  for me it comes down to social justice. I love that the government takes money away from me to give to people who need it more.  i have everything i need.
Thanks for the link to the radical stuff!  The libertarian and ancaps where the exact opposite of what I was looking for :)  Thanks!
>Therefore they should be free to do whatever they want as long as it does not involve initiating the use of force against someone.

Funny how people who use that line want to progressively blur the line of what is and isn't harmful...
Also /r/RedLetterChristians
/r/redletterchristians as well. That would probably appeal to the OP--- given his user name is /u/RED-Letter-Bible
Why not /r/christianity? It's pretty left-leaning 
I guess Jesus just didn't understand the Vanguard party idea.
 I feel your pain.  Me too.

That's what I figured, but I wanted to shared the full spectrum nonetheless.

If you don't mind me asking... why? It seems as though most non libertarian leaning groups favor forcefully pushing people towards a certain system rather than it being voluntary... I feel as though Jesus preached pacifism and voluntarily giving up everything for him. Just my thoughts.
Not really. I'd say /r/christianity is diverse. It's more diverse than conservatives  would like, but truly liberal don't exactly "do well" over there either.
Well, my interpretation is obviously going to sound very radical in the context of /r/christianity, but I think I'm taking a Marx-y approach on Jesus' political views.

But I take Christainity as less about Jesus' personal opinions (which obviously are still very important) but about even the most radical judaism not being sufficient superstructurally for the needs of that community at the time.  

Similarly, pre-Christian communities, the same problem occurred.  Unfortunately Christianity has at times been spreading by force, but I don't think my thesis is violated in that sense.  If say Canada (my country so I can make fun) violently spreads Christianity to the North Inuit, this goes along with the imperialistic changing of the material conditions for that community, for which Christianity happens to work.

So I guess that explains what I mean when I say Christianity.  I use a pretty uncontroversial definition of socialism - I mean the basic definition of Dictatorship of the Proletariat that Lenin is about.

Now I guess I have to explain why I like these two things!
haha

Well Christianity is the intellectual and religious tradition I grew up in, and I find it meaningful.  I don't necessarily get down with postmodernists like Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza...

I demand a social justice component from my personal theology, and I can use any typical justification of social justice from any theologian, that's fine by me.

But now I gotta ask, I demand social justice, what movement brings it?  Well, that would be the  Marxist-Leninist movement, even if I don't like their dialectical materialist philosophical underpinnings.

*now I'm really not in a position to defend communism to this entire community - please go to something like /r/debatecommunism if you wanna get into that*
I think its LESS diverse than conservatives would like  :)

I guess I haven't noticed any issues "truly liberals" have had

>Well, my interpretation is obviously going to sound very radical in the context of /r/christianity, but I think I'm taking a Marx-y approach on Jesus' political views.

I figured that was the reason for the emphasis on RED, ya commie bastard. I jest, I jest ;)
I'm actually pretty open to hearing out nonstandard ideas. As I mentioned I'm what I would describe as Voluntarist which puts me in the anarcho-capitalist or perhaps Mutualist category. I'll get into that more in a sec.


>But I take Christainity as less about Jesus' personal opinions (which obviously are still very important) but about even the most radical judaism not being sufficient superstructurally for the needs of that community at the time.  

Based on... What exactly? Christianity is all about laying down his son as a sacrifice to save us. In return we throw away our earthly concerns and are supposed to live lives  that glorify him. I think anything more than that is adding to or changing the core of the message of salvation.


>Similarly, pre-Christian communities, the same problem occurred.  Unfortunately Christianity has at times been spreading by force, but I don't think my thesis is violated in that sense.  If say Canada (my country so I can make fun) violently spreads Christianity to the North Inuit, this goes along with the imperialistic changing of the material conditions for that community, for which Christianity happens to work.

So you don't maintain that any *initiation* of force against another person is inherently wrong regardless of intent? In a sense do you believe the ends justify the means? And if so can you back that up with scripture?


>I demand a social justice component from my personal theology, and I can use any typical justification of social justice from any theologian, that's fine by me.


>But now I gotta ask, I demand social justice, what movement brings it?  Well, that would be the  Marxist-Leninist movement, even if I don't like their dialectical materialist philosophical underpinnings.


I have no problems with voluntary socialism and communism... but This is where a lot of Christian An-Coms really confuse me. They want capitalism swept away by use of force and people forced into a different system. If a man is forced at gunpoint to proclaim himself as a follower of Christ and is not capable of choosing to follow Christ and his commands is he really a Christian? Would being forced to live like Christ commanded be any different?

I feel like the Bible is pretty clear that it is up to an individual to take up their cross and follow him and no government or gun or economic system can every change a mans heart and further is is wrong to try using any of those means.




>*now I'm really not in a position to defend communism to this entire community - please go to something like /r/debatecommunism if you wanna get into that* 

Sorry people are trying to debate communism here. I tried to keep my questions in regards to the theological/moral aspect. I hope you aren't too burned out to get back to me, cause I am genuinely curious. It's always good to have discussions with people of opposite opinions... It keeps you in check with reality. If you only converse with people who agree its just a circle jerk and there may be gaps in logic that need some considering. Healthy dialogue and debate is a good thing.


Ps if you could recommend a short book that advocates what you are describing, what would it be? 
There are number of GLBT christians who don't post there anymore because they feel unwelcome. I think many conservatives evangelicals aren't used to being the theological minority in christian contexts.

There are liberals and there are conservatives over there. I find the posts that do best over at /r/christianity generally reflect an ecumenical but orthodox perspective.
Thanks for the reply.  Like I mentioned at the top, I'm sure that my interpretation is considered very radical.

Case and point - I don't care much about salvation as an actual thing that happens to one's immortal soul.  Nor do I think the methodology of "backing something up with scripture" is particularly fruitful.

One some level  I'm influenced by  Gustavo Gutiérrez. Leonardo Boff. Jon Sobrino. Óscar Romero. Juan Luis Segundo.

And related James Hal Cone, Katie G. Cannon, Jacquelyn Grant, and Delores Williams. 

But I like to think along the lines of scientific socialism in that the truth or falseness of a political doctrine is borne out in class struggle.  This means I uphold a lot of concepts from Marxism-Leninism and Maoism simply because they work (though like I said I'm not a dialectical materialist).

.... I guess this would put me in the Simon Zealotes faction within Jesus' "party" of Apostles, if you'll allow me to stretch this metaphor beyond it's usefulness!
LGBT Christians feel unwelcome? Are they just a bunch of whiners? That's a very gay friendly subreddit especially considering the subject.

Ecumenical is definitely the best way to describe it. 
I don't suspect it's easy it be around any portion of the population who doesn't think what you understand to be a natural part of your identity to be valid, even if it's not the majority opinion. They'll tell you /r/christianity is "conservative" because they're not interested in having half the people around them constantly remind them that "I'm sorry, but the bible says being homosexual is wrong," every time the subject comes up, because they've heard it their entire life. Words can still be more powerful than upvotes.

Is /r/christianity *more* tolerant of homosexuality than say, typical evangelicalism? Yes. But make no mistake, /r/christianity is *not* an open and affirming community--- and to be clear, I absolutely don't think it should be. Just like I'd be against /r/christianity formally endorsing some kind of Young Earth Creationism. Either way, you're going to have Christian populations that are frustrated and angry with what's said over there.
So basically whiners. ZOMG someone dared post an opinion different than mine. I can be fine with them feeling unwelcome. There's nothing you can do to please people as intolerant as that :( 
I'm going to be honest: I find your categorization of them as whiners to be... kind of offensive. They're no more whiners than the evangelicals who complain that /r/christianity isn't conservative enough.

From their perspective, it's not that someone *dared to post a different opinion.* It's that someone expressed that a part of who they understand themselves to naturally be as *invalid and wrong.* To them, that's more than a simple disagreement--- it's about *their* life. The people in the conversation in this situation are not on equal footing.

So no, they aren't *basically* whiners.
I would also like to thank you for answering this as well.  Calling queer people whiners for feeling unwelcome in historically anti-queer communities is very whack and backward.
Thank you for answering his comments. I didn't feel like getting into that argument, but even if I had I would not have said it all as well as you did.
That's too bad. My describing them as whiners was me trying to unoffensively describe them. 

It's very different from what conservatives complain about. Conservatives complain that their comments/posts are buried and they are frequently insulted and openly demeaned. And are not represented by moderators despite being a large portion of Christianity in the "real world". It's not that there are differing opinions expressed but that only liberal opinions are welcomed. (though there are conservative whiners too that expect only their opinion to be expressed)

Whereas the people you are describing are upvoted,  warmly welcomed, and well represented by moderators but feel unwelcome because opinions they don't hold are expressed by a few. A few who are instantly downvoted even when they express themselves in a respectful manner.

I don't know what less offensive way to label them than as whiners. But regardless, you answered my question about which LGBT Christians feel unwelcome, whatever you wish to call them.
You seem to understand the how the conservatives of /r/christianity feel "insulted and demeaned" because people express views differently from them. But yet in the very next paragraph, you still can't understand how LGBT christians feel that way. In fact, you chalk it up to this:

>feel unwelcome because opinions they don't hold are expressed by a few.

Which again, *isn't the case.* For them, *it's not about differing opinions, rather it's about their personal lives.*

I suppose I'd rather us not call anyone whiners when our personal identities (faithful, biblical, unfaithful, unbiblical, whatever) are involved. It's not particularly helpful.
I actually respect you GoMustard so I hate having this type of conversation with you but at the same time I'm usually willing to try and explain any comments I make that people have issues with.

>You seem to understand the how the conservatives of /r/christianity feel "insulted and demeaned" because people express views differently from them. But yet in the very next paragraph, you still can't understand how LGBT christians feel that way.

I'll try again. I said conservatives feel insulted and demeaned because they are downvoted, insulted, and underrepresented by moderators. It's not about people disagreeing it's about insults and condescension. As someone pointed out in a recent post about the repetitiveness of debates in /r/christianity there was a bad/good for everything except fundamentalists. They are simply bad.

Homosexual issues while some people say things that people LGBT Christians may disagree with they are generally not insulted, demeaned, or downvoted. 

It's an obvious difference and I'm not sure why you aren't seeing the difference.

>I suppose I'd rather us not call anyone whiners when our personal identities (faithful, biblical, unfaithful, unbiblical, whatever) are involved.

I think when you expect a subreddit to only post opinions that agree with you then you're a whiner. The subreddit is so pro-homosexuality it's borderline ridiculous considering the subject of the subreddit.  I don't know what better way to describe someone that still feels unwelcome than as whiners.
I appreciate this, I understand your comment a bit better now. I just don't want to trivialize how *anyone* feels.

>Homosexual issues while some people say things that people LGBT Christians may disagree with they are generally not insulted, demeaned, or downvoted.

I'm saying that these in particular feel insulted & demeaned by the comments of a few.--- particularly because it involves how they understand themselves. I suppose that's why I don't see the difference.

>The subreddit is so pro-homosexuality it's borderline ridiculous considering the subject of the subreddit

I'll tell you this much: if you think /r/christianity is truly pro-homosexuality, you haven't spent much time around truly liberal open and affirming christians, (I have, they can drive you nuts).

Let me try a different topic to make my point about how /r/christianity is *not particularly liberal.* My wife is a pastor. She doesn't post, or even read /r/christianity much. She doesn't really care to spend time reading people arguing about how whether or not what she does for a living is invalid.--- whether or the upvotes affirm her or not. Where we come from, it's not really up for debate, kind of like how it's not up for debate where many of the conservatives who question it come from.

/r/christianity pushes all of our boundaries, and I ultimately think that's a good thing; but I don't want to trivialize anyone who struggles with that's feelings.
>I'm saying that these in particular feel insulted & demeaned by the comments of a few.

So what can you do about it? It frustrates me that people feel like everyone has to agree with them or they get their feelings hurt. Especially since in my experience people like that have typically been the nastiest towards others. 

>I'll tell you this much: if you think /r/christianity is truly pro-homosexuality, you haven't spent much time around truly liberal open and affirming christians, (I have, they can drive you nuts).

Like I said...."considering the subject of the subreddit". Homosexuality is considered a sin to the majority of Christians. Even those who are in favor of gay marriage. So for a subreddit about Christianity to have a supermajority opinion that is pro-homosexuality to me is heavily pro-homosexuality.

>She doesn't really care to spend time reading people arguing about how whether or not what she does for a living is invalid.

I don't recall ever seeing a discussion in /r/christianity about women as pastors. I can't imagine the women shouldn't be pastors side being very popular there and not being buried.
>I don't recall ever seeing a discussion in /r/christianity about women as pastors. I can't imagine the women shouldn't be pastors side being very popular there and not being buried.

Really? I see them there every other day.

Loved the part where we desire to be creative instead of just exist
Um listen I'm not christian, I guess you'd consider me an atheist. I dunno if I really have a place posting here. Anyway I heard a really interesting interpretation of Adam & Eve as an environmentalist message kind of. If you want me to elaborate Just ask.
Nice
This might be a stupid question, but where does Genesis actually come from?
If people have their purpose can you tell me the purpose of hitler, Stalin , Mao Zedong , and Castro ? Did god make the sun? If the light is good why can it give skin cancer? 
Thanks!
there is [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genesis_creation_narrative) about that
God has a purpose for everyone, but we are not puppets. One must accept that purpose and be willing to let God use them for good.

The Bible says that God made the sun.

God created everything as "good," but when man choose to disobey God, sin entered the world. This also marks the entrance of death into the world.

Therefore, from that point on, things began to deteriorate. Lifespans slowly shortened, diseases started occurring. Thus, cancer, among other things.

I do not care to get into a debate on these matters. This was a devotional aimed at Christians and isn't controversial or confrontational.

Have a nice day.

Thinking. I did it.

I was raised Christian, and spent a couple years recently trying to strengthen my faith in order to be a better person, but in my studies and my efforts, I found that my faith was not something I could maintain. Eventually I got to the point where I simply could no longer believe it, and the more I tried and prayed, the more unrealistic the whole prospect became. At the point I am at now, I feel as though a weight was lifted from my shoulders, I have a feeling of freedom to be a good person for its own sake, regardless of who says I should or shouldn't, and I find the entirety of Christian belief to be utterly implausible. When someone discusses their faith authentically, I simply can't take it seriously. It's almost a shock when I hear people discuss religion, and It just pops into my head "wow, I forgot, people actually think this stuff is real". 

So my question is, why do you believe this? Do you actually, literally believe that Jesus is the embodiment of an infinitely powerful being that caused all things to exist simply by commanding it to be so? If so, on what grounds? If not, why do you maintain participation in a religion you don't actually believe in?

Is it all because of a sense of hopelessness? A fear of death? A distrust for your own ability to regulate yourself morally without a god? 

It just seems to me that religion requires you to put much more faith in the power of your own perception, assuming that the "touch of the Holy Spirit" you felt was actually genuine.

I swear, I don't mean to troll, I honestly would like to know.
Your learned skepticism blocks your natural ability to believe whatever you want.
For me personally it's a revelation for me was job he lost everything and the world it self caved in on him, but he never gave in to those that said curse god and die
>So my question is, why do you believe this? Do you actually, literally believe that Jesus is the embodiment of an infinitely powerful being that caused all things to exist simply by commanding it to be so?

Yes

> If so, on what grounds?

When you boil everything away. Either He created the universe or he didn't. Choose a side. Choose the side that makes the most sense to you. Understand the consequences of both choices, as best you can understand them. Choose and the move forward.
i'm just reading back through some of your comments, and maybe you would get some more honest answers if you were a little more tolerant of the beliefs you are questioning. I'm not asking for acceptance, just a little respect. I believe what I believe but i can't prove it to you...thats why it is called a belief or faith. however, i cant disprove it, it offers hope, and the teachings and accounts of the Bible make literal sense to me. That is all
[deleted]
I believe it, because I have experienced it. To me, religion is not about rules, its about a relationship between yourself, and the one that created you. I am going to tell you something that I have not told many people about an experience I had; A few years ago I was having a really hard time, I was dealing with some serious issues that left me in tears A LOT, one day I was sitting on the bed crying, and I prayed, if I remember correctly I asked God to please make it stop....and within seconds to minutes I was better......I mean like a light switch flipped and the horrible feelings I was dealing with were GONE!!!!! Instantly. There is absolutely no other explanation other then he heard me, and knew I may have been reaching a breaking point and like THAT it was gone. 

God can do so much with just a little bit of faith, the Bible says faith of a mustard seed, that is a really small amount. 
Look at this way, say we are right, there is a God in Heaven and Jesus died for your sins and all you have to do is ask for forgiveness and accept him as your lord and savior and you are saved, and you die, you have gained HEAVEN!! say we are wrong, you lived a good moral life....what have you lost? Say atheist are right and they live how they live and die....nothing happens....now say they are wrong..................
May I recommend r/christianity instead?

As for my own answering to your question, sometimes we need to ask ourselves just exactly what standard we've created as sufficient to believe/reject the notion of God.  Did our subjective emotions play a role?  Did the influence and unbelief of other non-believers encourage you to think the way you do about the notion of God?  Maybe it is the fact that God is a spirit and cannot be seen, thus He is not tangible and this is what makes Him hard to believe?  I don't know what you mean by unrealistic, but there are things such as concepts which seem to be unrealistic too.  God is much like the concept of the number one.  Intangible, immutable and immaterial.  Unprovable.

Some of the biggest questions in life is the notion of the "good".  Is there truly good?  What do you mean when you say you just want to be a "good person"?  There must be a standard of goodness somewhere, otherwise there is no good- it would just be simply a consensus of the majority.  Morality without God is just a rule of the majority.  

Now on faith, everyone has faith.  We all have faith that there exist such a thing as an absolute truth.  We all agree that the number one exists, and the number two, and three, and so on.... On what evidence and what grounds do we believe this?  Merely on faith.  

All I can suggest for you is to listen to certain podcasts concerning apologetics (A defense of the truth).  Specifically apologetics.com and the teachings from Dr.  RC Sproul.  But may I also suggest to you that if you choose the road to unbelief, stay clear from any form of atheism which claims to an absolute (i.e. knowing that there IS no god).  As Carl Sagan states, "An atheist has to know a lot more than I know. An atheist is someone who knows there is no god. By some definitions atheism is very stupid.".  Furthermore question the existence of absolute truth, concepts such as numbers, and immaterial laws such as the laws of logic.  Do they exists?  

Christianity does hold a high intellectual ground with apologists such as William Lane Craig, Alvin Plantinga, Ravi Zacharias, and many more.  

I really don't have anything else, but I do encourage you to find the resources you'll need to find purpose and reason in life even if it isn't Christianity.  But as I mentioned before, submit this to r/christianity and you'll most likely get more comments.


It's very simple.  I was in need of hope and help in equal proportion.  I prayed.  Jesus came.  I received hope and help. It wasn't immediate. It took some time. I had a little bit of hope, that gave me the faith to seek the help.  I had to participate in my solutions. My life is better.  Jesus has never abandoned me.  A sincere question: have you ever read the bible all the way through?  Have you read it repeatedly and asked God to reveal himself to you?  Do you accept that your humanity limits you in a way that God isn't limited?  I can only tell you that I know...in my inner being...in the part of me that can't be explained sufficiently by me...that God is real.  That Jesus gave me and gives me peace.  It is of no matter to me whether or not you agree. I will continue in my far from perfect walk with a perfect God.  You matter to God.  He loves you.  I will pray for you, that you activate the faith that you already have to receive the answers you seek.  
Thank you. I appreciate the compliment. 

I guess I'll just have to believe things that are actually true, then, instead of things I just want to be true. 
By consequences, do you mean to suggest some variation of Pascal's wager? 
I respect the individual person, but I will not respect beliefs such as this. Putting your faith in something simply because it offers hope or some kind of psychological support without inquiring as to whether or not those things are true is not something I would call reasonable. Your faith then degenerates to nothing more than placebo: a lucky rabbit's foot or a horseshoe over your doorway is then equally effective. If it is support and hope you are looking for, true human companionship and community is what you should be pursuing. 

I'm not going to be so rigid as to demand a laboratory specimen of God's hair or some such nonsense, but I would expect at least a rational proof for why I should assume the existence of a deity. Especially if belief in said deity requires some surrendering of my freedoms. Freedom of speech, thought, action, etc, are all disallowed in one way or another by the laws of the Bible, and I will not prostrate myself before such a book unless I have a rational demonstration as to why I should do so. 

So no, I will not respect your beliefs. What I will do is show you the common respect I extend to all persons, and say the following: you are better than this, and with just a little education and awareness, you would understand why. 

It is compassion and love for my fellow humans that causes me to so despise their foolishness. I'm not the bad guy here, your masters are. 
So, in the end, your advice is to do as I did for years: ignore and censor my own thoughts in order to pretend that something I don't really believe in is actually true; and ignore the fact that my life has improved drastically since I took charge of it, and am now acting as "my own man"?

Of course being a Christian is difficult. Faith requires the unblinking denial of rational thought, which you have made abundantly clear with your response. I find this kind of attitude and behaviour to be very disturbing. 
I didn't mean this post as flame bait, so I apologize for becoming argumentative, but I have to respond to this.  

The standard I've created for myself as a judgement for whether or not I believe in God (or any gods, for that matter) is a simple scientific proof.  Peer-reviewed evidence.  If God appeared to me as a burning bush, as a man with a dual-edged sword protruding from his mouth, as a man with whom I should wrestle, or upon a heavenly throne held aloft by wheels which turn every which way, as a sane person, I would still hold reservations.  There are reasons why I might experience such visions (starvation, dehydration, drugs, etc.) and I would expect that others would be able to attest to the experience as well, in order to claim truth in it.  Even then, it would be difficult to take as truth, because there are incidences when more than one person can claim the same hallucination because one brain is unsure of how to make sense of an experience, and upon hearing another's account of it, that first brain adopts the second's response as its own.

Subjective emotions take a role in everything.  There is no divorcing emotion from reason, because the human brain acts as an all-encompassing device.  You can't shut off the emotional parts of the brain while only using the reasoning parts, or vise-versa.  Of course my subjective emotions played a role, as they very well should; should subjective emotions not play a role in one's decision to convert to Christianity?

Yes, other non-believers influenced my thoughts.  I had never had my religion critiqued in the way that the New Atheists do, and they opened my eyes to different ways of thinking.  At first I hated them, and I found them despicable, because I viewed them as ignorant people whose disdain for religion would only wind up landing people in Hell.  Truly independent thought is impossible, we can only derive our notions from influences by others.

I mean unrealistic in the sense that the harder I tried to regain my grip, the more I realized there was nothing there for me to grip onto.  The more effort I put into my prayers, the more I realized I was speaking to an empty room.  The more time I spent trying to make sense of it, twisting my mind in circles, trying to find a way to keep my faith, the more I realized that my faith wasn't there, and wasn't worth keeping.  

Everyone does have faith, but the faith I have and the faith you have are two very different things.  You have faith in the existence of God, but the faith(s) I have is more easily described as trust.  When I tell someone I care about that I have faith in them, I am not reassuring this person of their objective existence in space/time.  I am telling that person that they are worthwhile, and are capable of things.  

Is there truly Good?  An objective good?  No.  There is no "form of the Good" that exists somewhere out in the ether or the cosmos.  What is good, compared to what is bad, is purely subjective.  That is, it is subject to the existence of humans and the function of their brains.  Because of the way our species has evolved, certain things like empathy, kindness, family, etc. are all hard-wired into our brains, and these things have made survival for our species possible.

When I say I want to be a good person, I mean that I want to live my life in such a way that maximizes my own happiness, while not stepping on the toes of others, and while doing my best to live according to that one universal rule of all human society: do unto others as you would have them do unto you.  Or whichever variety of that rule you happen to be most familiar with.  My own happiness, as with the majority of people, is achieved by some selfish things (e.g., eat plenty of food, drink expensive beer, play Skyrim until my eyes melt out of my head), but in keeping with how all humans interact, it is mostly dependent on whether or not I am doing well by those I care about.

[Do we all agree that the number one exists?](http://www.math.hawaii.edu/~lee/exist.html) I'm not sure we do, but not in the same way.  It's an interesting question, and I will allow you to read that link, instead of spelling it out for you here.

I've heard plenty of apologetics, but I'll give Dr. RC Sproul a try.

I have chosen the road to unbelief.  I wasn't asking for help repairing my faith, I was asking why people continue to believe.  To my eyes, Christianity is blatantly untrue.  For one thing, when someone asks you to believe in God because the Bible says so, how do you know the Bible is true?  Back to the question of faith.  Your faith is not really a faith that God exists, but that the people who told you God exists were correct.  You may claim a belief that the Bible is the word of God, but how do you know?  In order for the Bible to be the word of God, God must exist; but in order for you to know anything about God, you must turn to the Bible because it is the original, ultimate source for knowledge of God.  It's a catch-22.  Circular reasoning.

Consider reading The Early History of God by Mark S. Smith.  From what I read of reviews, the book is quite factual, and the book itself goes into some depth explaining the origins of Israelite monotheism from earlier Canaanite and Israelite polytheism.  It's not a confrontational book, and it's not written with an "atheistic agenda" (or whatever), it's merely an academic exposition of the current knowledge of early Israelite religion.

Back to the road to non-belief: You're quote mining.  Sagan was undoubtedly an atheist.  He claimed again and again a lack of belief in any gods, but as a rational-minded person, he never claimed to know that any gods do not exist.  My post is entitled "Genuine question from an agnostic atheist".  Sagan was an agnostic atheist, but he was making the common mistake of labelling gnostic atheism as just plain, old "atheism", and labelling agnostic atheism as "agnosticism".  Of course it's foolish to say with any definition that God does not exist, because it's impossible to disprove such a thing.  One can say that it is incredibly improbable that any gods exist, but to say definitively that they do not is ludicrous.  This is what Sagan meant, and this is what a person like Richard Dawkins is referring to when he mentions Zeus, Wotan, Thor, or unicorns.

I do question the existence of absolute truth, and concepts such as numbers.  I love these kinds of questions, and I love these kinds of encounters.  Granted, I'm quite amateur, but I like to consider myself something of a philosopher.  I hope to someday study it professionally.

(I really hate to end on a sour note, but Dr. Craig holds an intellectual high ground?  Any arguments I've heard from him are so frustratingly bad they're practically painful.)
William Lane Craig on high intellectual ground!? Funniest thing I've heard all day!
It's  funny how non tangible things that can't be observed are hard to believe in.
This. Also, pick up a copy of The Mind on Fire, a translation of Pascal's Pensees. He offers an excellent, logical breakdown of his faith in God that I strongly agree with.
I'm sorry but I have to disagree about Ravi Zacharias. Everything I have heard from him is simple flirting around, and twisting scripture for a half truth - granted I have not listened to an enormous amount, but the arguments he presented were easily deconstructed with simple logic.  And WLC, all I have ever heard was "...God is great because we are here now," which is simple attribution.

But I do love the debates of math and proofs.  I'm still learning, but it is a beautiful thing. :D


[deleted]
I would call myself and atheist for convention but totally agree with you that it isn't the right term. I haven't seen proof that god exists or doesn't so I can't refute the hypothesis of god's existence, it just seems unlikely to me. Mostly I just can't believe anything that can't be proven, I've tried believing in god but my brain just doesn't work like that. In your eyes it was probably just part of gods plan and I'm going to hell because its part of a greater plan. Anyways I go strictly by what has worked for me in life which so seems to be logic and the scientific principle. When I was younger I believed in god, prayed, etc but the only thing that made a difference was me doing something. The argument that we have faith in the numbers 1, 2, 3 etc doesn't apply to god because even though numbers technically don't exist they can be used to predict things. Believing in god can't prove anything as far as I've seen. So far I've see that (Christianity at least because I don't know much about other religions) religions are evolutionarily beneficial. The morals they promote help the survival of our species and are practical as a whole. Thats why they've been passed on. Mean while group think, peer pressure, exposure to beliefs at a young age, etc. has help kept people from straying from those beliefs. I've actually been wondering though how people feel gods presence or believe in something that influences their whole life without it being provable. I've recently read accounts of atheists converting to christianity and all of their pivot points involved this intense feeling of gods presence. This is a serious question and is the only reason I don't believe in god. I'm curious how you can have so much faith and base your life around something you can't touch see, etc. I just can't wrap my head around believing in something unprovable.
[deleted]
No, I haven't read it all the way through.  I've read the New Testament all the way through once, and have read the gospels multiple times.  This was all done when I was still a believer.  I have read Psalms and Proverbs, and I have read Job.  I made some significant progress with the Old Testament, but was distracted by school and things.  (By "things", I mostly mean other books.)

Of course I accept that my humanity is limited.  This is one of the issues I have with religious belief: many religious people have an absolute certainty that their beliefs are undoubtedly true.  I am of the position that *nothing* is knowable beyond any shadow of doubt, based on the simple fact that we are limited by our ability to perceive.  Hence, my agnostic atheism.  I don't believe in any gods, but my lack of belief has no bearing on whether or not they actually exist.  I am open to the idea of gods existing, just as I am open to any idea.  If there is a god or group of gods out there, it would be utterly fascinating to me to discover it/them.

You're right, it doesn't matter whether or not I agree with you on the existence of God.  What does matter is objective truth.  You believe without evidence, and I find that to be incredibly frightening and worthy of pity.  What is to differentiate your belief in this deity from a belief in the mystical power of a lucky rabbit's foot?  A simple feeling in your gut?

I used to *know* God exists, too.  Then I actually stopped and pondered what it means to know something.
This is why has generously given psychedelikate friend.  In here, you will find much room for growth.  You have the power to believe whatever you want again.  The *mana*; the body under the veil.

Surely easter is more than candy, and christmas more than presents, and communion more than bread.

EDIT: Sorry!! I misread your OP, I thought you said you were a **gnostic** atheist.  Please forgive me!!
The older I get the more that I think one of the greatest issue we have in understanding God is space/time. Space/time distorts our perception of what is beyond the fish bowl we call the universe.  If we were able to remove our selves from space/time then we might be able to understand God or might be able to see God more clearly.  So while his thoughts appear to be valid to some degree, his premises may be all wrong.


i just want to know, then, how you expect people to open up to your question when they know you are going to pick it apart from every angle possible. Noone wants to feel that kind of pressure.
Wow you just took the words out of my mouth but I can't articulate them quite as well as you. The difference between people like us and theists I think is that for many reasons (I hypothesize evolution, group think, exposure at a young age and how hard it is to change beliefs as you age, easiness of believing your going to heaven, etc.) cause theists to believe in god. I've decided either god has a greater plan for us all and I'm probably going to hell for not believing in him or my hypotheses are the most likely explanation. Like you though I can't wrap my head around anything illogical or without some good evidence at least and thus can't get myself to believe in a god. Either way if god exists he has his greater plan and I have no control of my destiny anyways so I just do what seems logical because it works. I can't find it at the moment but I remember reading an article about the brain scans of atheists and theists thinking about god. They found that theists had more specific brain activity in general but the atheists had more parts of their brain light up. This by no means proves or disproves god but shows how our brains work differently on the topic and its hard to relate to each other. 
Apologies for getting back at you late.  To begin, I'm glad you have a standard or at least what counts to be sufficient evidence.  As to God being testable by scientific inquiry, it is an impossibility with respect to the judeo-christian notion of god- Him being a "spirit" and immaterial.  Several atheists have different accounts as to what counts as "sufficient evidence".  Most of the time they are along the same lines of wanting God as something which can be tested, which is also circular.  For example, God doesn't exist because He cannot be tested, He cannot be tested so he doesn't exist.   That's an axiom.  The idea that the bible is the Word of God is also an axiom.  People are free to hold such presuppositions, furthermore, it is imperative that they do, just as both you and I presuppose there is such a thing as absolute truth while we dialog together.  

The term "atheism" has several implications and that's why I would tend to shy away from it.  Does it mean a lack of belief in a god or all gods?  If that's the case, I'm also an atheist, because I lack the belief that there is a Mayan god.  Furthermore what would constitute as a god?  Most of the time it is just the notion of the judeo-christian god which brings about the popular definition of who God is (i.e. Omnipresent, omniscient, omnipotent...etc).  I have an atheist friend who believes in panspermia- the idea that the origin of life came from outer space.  He agrees with Richard Dawkins who enticed the hypothesis that life may have been planted on earth by aliens.  I asked him if these aliens could have been gods.  Immediately he was offended.  The point is that several who purport to be atheists are more along the lines of theophobes.  Theophobes of an abrahamic definition of god.

I will try to consider reading the books you've recommended.  As for William Lane Craig, you certainly have the right to your opinion.  Opinions are all we give each other.  We can end it here, or you can end it, but I just wish the best for you in your pursuit of the truth.  As for philosophy, you'll like it and I see that you have the capacity for it, just be sure to also major or have something which will give you financial stability.  This, coming for a philosophy and electrical engineering grad.  Cheers mate.  








I know right? lols.
Yea, soooooooooooooooooo funny it is.
That's cool.  Everyone has their likes.  
Out of curiosity can you show me arguments from Ravi Zacharias that you personally heard yourself and deconstructed with simple logic?  Not trying to be a jackass, but I would take them into consideration.
[deleted]
Exactly

Cool story bro.  Indeed very cool.  
If your looking for physical proof that God is real beyond what has been shown to you already. I feel sorry for you because you don't look forward to anything beyond death and the happiest you will be is here on earth and you might not ever know the joy of being with God.
You haven't read the bible all the way through. Interesting.  You obviously didn't read what I wrote either.  Do you make a habit of not reading things then commenting upon them?  You said I believe without evidence. I will correct that falsity.  I have all the evidence I need of the existence of God.  You are stumbling around trying to live without faith, without God in your life and you pity me.  This, too, I find very interesting.  It is clear to me that a discussion of this subject is not your goal, but rather a desperate attempt to prove to yourself that you are okay without God in your life.  Good for you.  Hope it works out for ya. 
Thanks for apologizing, but what is mana, and what does it have to do with anything?

Did I accidentally post in r/zelda?
So basically you're suggesting that God is essentially unknowable, and in order to know him, you hypothesize that an impossible act must be performed. I'm quite unsure of how to respond to this besides with a standard statement regarding evidence and knowing, which I'm sure I don't even need to articulate because it has become cliche. 
My beliefs were subject to exactly the same level of criticism, and it is why I am no longer a believer today. I am never rude to people, I simply demonstrate why their beliefs are incompatible with either logic or their own moral code.

You may find one encounter with one person who was an atheist in my comment history that was intensely frustrating. In retrospect, I could have argued better, and I could have dealt with my frustration better as well. That's the only occasion when I became very rude with someone on here without being ironic or basically just playing around, to the best of my memory. 
Thanks. It's good to know there are others out there like myself. 
Thanks for the advice. I've been trying to figure out exactly what I want to do for a while, but I just love philosophy so much, I want to try for an academic career. 

Anyway, on with the conversation. In regards to the verification of the existence of a supernatural thing, I recognize that I couldn't take a snippet of God's hair, throw it in a centrifuge, and then examine the DNA afterward and "AH-HA! 'tis true, there is a God!" What I mean to say is that I would not only like to know definitively that God (or any gods) exists before I exercise any belief in him/it, and I would like the proof do be made available to everyone so that I can know I'm not just experiencing a psychotic episode. Surely an omnipotent and omniscient being could devise some method, even if I can't. 

I'm not sure why you say the Bible being the word of God is an axiom. What do you mean by this? I don't see it as something that is self-evidently true. Am I misunderstanding your usage of the word?  Assuming I'm not, I don't think that can be taken as an axiom. The Bible should be stood up to the rigours of critical review. It should be a perfectly self-contained collection of independently true and non-contradictory statements if it is the word of God, who is said to be perfect. It isn't perfect, though. It has flaws. Therefore, it is not self-evidently true that it is the word of God, and that claim must be backed up with some proof. Even if it were perfect, there could still be other explanations. 

Also, I'm not sure how the statement about God not being able to be proven scientifically is circular. It just seems like you're rephrasing the same statement in two different ways. Both are saying the same thing, they aren't running into each other. Anyway, the simple fact that God cannot be tested doesn't mean he doesn't exist, but the fact that there is no evidence (aside from hearsay and anecdotes) provides no reason why anyone should assume he exists. 

You assume I believe in an absolute truth; I don't. I believe it is possible to know things only in regard to the probability of them being true. Nothing is 100% knowable, because all we can ever know of a thing is our perceptions of it, which do not reflect the objective existence or properties of the thing, and we do not know our perceptions 100%, either. It may be the case that there is some cosmic, Platonic Truth existing somewhere or somehow, but there is no way to know it, and so there is no reason to assume it exists. 

We may step from the cave and catch a glimpse of the sun on occasion, but we must still be inclined to wonder, is this sun really the truth, or is it just more shadows on walls? We are simultaneously the ones watching the shadows dance and pulling the strings to make them dance. Our subconscious mind constructs our world for us, but never fully grasps the world as it exists outside of itself. 

Atheism is defined as the lack of belief in any gods, but for the sake of argument, one could say that they are atheistic in regards to most gods but one, or but a few. You mentioned Dawkins. He makes this point when he says "everyone is an atheist in regards to most gods, but I take it one god further". That's a paraphrase, not a direct quote, but the point is the same. I am an atheist in the sense that I don't hold a belief in any gods. 

As far as your friend goes, I find it odd that he was offended by your question. I also find it odd if he does actually "believe in" the idea of panspermia. There's no reason to believe this is true. You can *think* it is true, but to believe it as a fact would be nonsensical, because it has yet to be proven. Dawkins takes a position closer to mine: he discusses it with Lawrence Krauss in (I think) their second formal conversation, Something From Nothing. 

Anyway, though, gods are generally defined as supernatural. Aliens would be natural, I'm assuming, because if they are products of the natural universe, they would not be products of anything beyond. At least not fully. Therefore, they don't qualify as gods. Maybe demigods, like Hercules, if they are of supernatural and natural origin. Whatever. 

You're right, many atheists are very theophobic. I truly hate that kind of attitude. I have nothing against a person who believes religious things, but I am against their beliefs. I am something of an anti-theist, myself. I want to see religion gone and replaced with a culture of learning and mutual respect. Maybe I'm being too romantic, but I truly think that the world would be better off not trusting in the word of prophets, priests, imams, etc. and instead turning a critical eye on everything. The phrase of the day, every day, should be "prove it". Regardless of a claim, natural or supernatural, we should never take it at face value. The only way anything is knowable at all is evidence. 
Interesting.  There are countless scholars on both sides who would completely disagree with you.  And by scholars I mean people who have dedicated their lives to working on either side of the argument.  No offence, but I would tend to side with their opinions of the man over yours.  However witnessing several of his debates with Harris and - more notably - Hitchens, I'd say that he's more than capable of succesfully refuting anything thrown his way.  But don't take my word for it.  Consult his opposition for quotes suggesting that  "he's the one Christian apologist who puts the fear of God into many of my fellow atheists" (Harris) or that he's "very rigorous, very scholarly, very formidable" (Hitchens).

I think it's wonderful that you'd like to pursue Philosophy as a discipline by the way.  Maybe some day you'll be able to publish the piece that puts Mr. Craig in his place.   You never know! :D
I heard his argument on first cause. He said all physical evidence no matter how you slice it is still physical and doesn't account for its own origin. He moves on to claim that it must find that explanation outside of itself. So preceding the physical we must have a nonphysical to account for the physical. Any apologetic will be quick to move on from here and place "God" in the gap they have invented. I would ask him how he ruled out the idea that there has always been something. Adding a supernatural deity doesn't make any more logical sense then adding 10 gods or saying we are a computer simulation. All we know is that things exist, and we have no example of a "nothing". So to postulate that God is the only thing that can make something from nothing we should have some sort of reason to believe that there is such a thing as a "nothing". 
Nah it's cool. But I honestly can't remember the piece. A friend was having me listen to it, but the argument was so shallow, and after he had built the guy up in previous conversations, I immediately lost all care for him >.< Sorry I can't be specific.
What physical proof have I been shown already?

Oh, and by the way, I've made it very plain that I am *not* in fact looking for physical proof. Read my other conversations in this thread. 

And if this life is the happiest one I'll get, then so be it. I will just have to do my best to make it as happy as I possibly can. 

Of course you realize that since I am not looking forward to another life, I am much more inclined to put significant effort into this one. Your belief in an afterlife may just cripple your ability to live as best as you can here. 
I was critiquing the fact that you believe without evidence. It would seem that you tend to do that in more than one aspect of your life, considering the conclusions you've jumped to in this statement. 
The amanita mascara, also known as the magic mushroom.

Look up the pharmacratic inquisition
To some degree. Man by himself cannot know God. Man must choose God to know God. That choice the path that God will use to allow us to glimpse Him while we are here and to more fully know Him later.
so you are trying to prove us wrong? i understand now, thanks.
[deleted]
By physical proof I didn't mean a strand of Gods hair but evidence of Gods existence. The physical proof is the universe and that God created it. 

Of course you can live a happy life without God, but I can not describe the overwhelming joy that I feel because I have accepted Christ into my heart, and I know that I will spend eternity in heaven with God. I hope to spread that joy to everyone that I can.
My evidence are the things written about the messiah in the old testament and then all  were fulfilled by Jesus. I beg you to read the Bible and accept Christ as your Savior.
This is a nonsense statement. I must choose God in order to know God? How is it that I am to choose something that I don't know? How do I know if I'm choosing it if I don't know what it is?

This is just a more complicated way of saying that science or reason can't bring you to God, and that's why faith is necessary; but without a standard which one comes to know something, it is possible to believe in anything at all, regardless of its merits or lack thereof. 

I understand your point, as it is one that I've made myself as a theist, but I no longer am one, and a main reason is because I realized that I really can't be sure of any of the things I thought I believed in, which caused me to stop entertaining such beliefs. 

Honestly ask yourself, if someone said a similar statement about anything else at all, whether natural or supernatural, would you take it seriously at all?
I would have nodded my head along with you 12 years ago, attending Creation Fest as a confirmed Lutheran. However, Like Meister I found peace and a sense of clarity when I admitted to myself that I don't have all life's answers. It didn't happen over night and it wasn't my ambition. It was an inevitability of being honest with myself when the cognitive dissonance became too much.

Now when I see arguments like this its easy to see though them and label them for what they are. This is a logical fallacy to most but could become a self fulfilling prophecy in the wake of a conveniently interpreted dream.
Prove you wrong about what?
Why do you say that?
>The physical proof is the universe and that God created it.

Is this a serious statement?  A premise cannot be evidence for itself; this is a tautology.  Your claim that God exists and created the universe is backed up by your claim that God exists and created the universe?  The universe may very well be the result of a supernatural creator, but in the absence of evidence for this creator, we may not reasonably assume its existence.  This can be said for the alleged existence of anything that is asserted to be without any proof of its actual being.

Now consider if I showed you a large stone.  It's light gray with reddish and blackish spots on it.  It's smooth on all sides, and looks a little like a swollen russet potato.  Now consider that I am making the claim that this potato is a meteorite, despite its looking as though it came from a lake bed or a gravel pit.  I wish to sell this supposed meteorite to a museum.  Do you think they will take me at my word?  I find it doubtful.

You could argue that this is a straw man argument, or is similar to the Perfect Island argument against the ontological argument for the existence of God, and you would be right if you made those statements.  It doesn't eliminate my point, though, which is that any claim must be backed up by evidence.  I made room for the fact that it is unlikely that I could devise a method for proving the existence of a mostly incomprehensible being in my other posts, but that this being, if it possessed omnipotence (as the Christian god is said to possess), then truly he would be able to find some way of proving his existence beyond a shadow of a doubt.

Like I said before, Christianity asks me to surrender certain freedoms, and these are ones I am unwilling to surrender unless I have a proof for why I should surrender them.  Even if it is evidence of coercion, and the only reason why I should surrender those freedoms is to avoid unimaginable, eternal, abject suffering.

The physical universe is not evidence for the existence of God, the physical universe is evidence for the existence of the physical universe.

Now you're making another logical fallacy, which is the [appeal to emotion, specifically wishful thinking.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wishful_thinking#As_a_logical_fallacy)

Your claim that accepting Jesus into your heart has brought you overwhelming joy may be true.  In fact, it probably is.  That says nothing about Jesus, though, and says everything about human psychology.  It may very well be a placebo.

Also, you claim that you **know** you will spend eternity in Heaven with God.  *How do you know?*  A feeling in your gut is not evidence.  A feeling of liquid warmth washing over you as your wrap your arms around your chest, sway from side-to-side, realize tears are pouring down your face, and imagine yourself standing before Jesus after you die is not evidence.  It is wishful thinking.  I am describing what I once imagined.  In fact, more than once.  I would imagine him embracing me and calling me brother or friend.  Inviting me into his kingdom, and showing me everything good and wonderful in his creation.

I know what it is to be Christian, and I know what it is to rail against an atheist making arguments against your faith.  I know what it is to be backed into a corner, and I know what it is to have your faith crumble around you.  I get it.  I understand your position, and why it is so emotional.

That doesn't make it true.  I'm sorry for jumping all over you, but I find that kind of arguing to be intensely frustrating.
I will most definitely oblige you in reading the Bible in its entirety. I plan to, and look forward to it. If it is convincing enough to draw me back into Christianity, I also look forward to discovering some truth that I do not now know. 

I have to ask, though: you recognize that it would be possible for the Gospel writers and the other apostles who wrote of Jesus to simply read the OT and insert relevant passages into their own writings, don't you?  That is to say, that just because the two halves match up, does not lend any more credence to them being true. 
That's a very fair question.
>However, Like Meister I found peace and a sense of clarity when I admitted to myself that I don't have all life's answers.

I never said or thought that I had all of life's answers. I know I have lots of answers, and that most of them tend to be wrong.  Fortunately the existence of God is not one of the answers I have incorrect.




...sorry, that was a poor word choice. i meant that you are asking us to reject our beliefs. What does your belief system offer, that mine does not (mine being traditional, evangelical Christian)?
What always makes me laugh is how some atheists think that we Christians have never thought of their "arguments".  The assumption being that we are unable to think critically and lack the brains to think in the first place.  Just one of the truths that they are apparently unaware of is that most of us have had those internal struggles as well. I no longer struggle with these issues.  It may have made it easier for atheists to believe in God and His bible if a donkey wrote it, but God used men.  
That would be possible if only one person wrote the gospel. The four books written about Jesus' life match up and are too similair to be a coincidence. I don't believe Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John met in a room and wrote the books together to match up with one another. Keep in mind that the Jews were very serious about God because this was there eternal soul. They wouldn't write these to "fool" people as a big joke neither would they write down that Jesus rose from the dead so that future generations would think that they were right about Jesus being Christ. Again there eternal soul was worth more to them than anything and they wouldn't give that up so they could be thought of as correct.

 There to many coincidences of stories matching up, it is not logical to come to any other conclusion than that those stories are true and that there is a God.
Would you care to voice a response?
I'm not asking you to do anything. 
"Then the LORD opened the donkey's mouth, and she said to Balaam, 'What have I done to you to make you beat me these three times?'" -Numbers 22:28

Well, God certainly has been known to use at least one donkey capable of human communication at least once.

What *you* don't seem to realize is that I was once a Christian, and in speaking to other Christians about their faith since I discarded mine, I have come to the realization that you either have these same "struggles" (as you call them) or you are currently ignoring them.  You may be able to suppress your mind's natural ability to discern sense from nonsense at times, for whatever reason, but that doesn't mean those thoughts aren't floating around somewhere in your subconscious.

This, in fact, is exactly what happened with me.  I thought I had come to terms with my doubt, but one day it all came out.  It was a very emotional experience, I admit.  But now I'm the better for it, because I no longer simply trust because I'm told I have to; now I depend on my own ability to reason, and if something doesn't make logical sense, I educate myself until it does, or if it won't work logically, I discard it.

By the way, why exactly would it make it easier for me to believe the truth of a thing if it were claimed that a donkey had been the one to originally communicate that truth?  If I don't believe in a talking donkey (see above), why would I believe in a writing one?

Read my other posts on this thread.
Expect the gospels are written in the following order: Mark, Matthew, Luke, John, and each version is said to be written as based on a previous version.  I don't recall where I read it, so if you don't believe me just run a quick Google search, but I think Mark was actually based on an oral account, and the following versions were all influenced by oral versions as well.  Regardless, those are not the only Gospels, they are only the ones that made the final cut.  Most likely because they are the ones that matched most closely.

[Check out this Wikipedia article, it should shed a little light, I think.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gospel)

Anyway, it would be very unlikely that Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John did meet up and write the Gospels together, considering that Luke didn't actually write the book of Luke, and it was just named after him.  [Here is a link to the critical view of the authorship of Luke.  Directly below is the traditional view, for comparison.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gospel_of_Luke#Critical_view)

Just to answer your point about fooling people: I'm not suggesting that the Biblical authors had malignant intents.  In fact, I would argue that they probably truly believed what they were writing, and were honestly trying to do their best to make the world a better place, and to spread the "Good News" of their good buddy, Jesus.  I really do think that the large majority of Christian people have good intentions, even when they are saying nasty things about homosexuals, or are opposing a woman's right to choose.  I get it.  I used to be homophobic, and I used to be staunchly pro-life.  I was ignorant, and after educating myself on the simple facts of these matters, I changed my mind.

I even think the Christian missionaries and the federal government were trying to do the right thing here in Canada when they set up the residential schools and took native children away from their families.  It has come to light that it was not the right thing to do, and many, many, many people suffered because of it.  You remember what they say about the road to hell?

The so-called coincidences in the stories of the Gospels, though, are not coincidences.  They're poorly executed copies made by people trying to create and maintain a traditional narrative in order to try and better their own lives and those of others.  Unfortunately, they also supported blind faith and unthought.

See the first chapter of 1 Corinthians as an example of an early church leader stomping out dissent.

Edit: Grammar.
Ya, I know God used the donkey to speak after balaam beat it and beat it.  I am sad that you are in the state that you are in.  God isn't likely to prove his existence to you or me.  That is the elephant in the room. We can debate and argue and still be in the same place. Me, because I have faith, and you, because you lack it. Here is a scripture for you: John 20:29
Then Jesus told him, “Because you have seen me, you have believed; blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed.” It truly is a blessed state to be in.  This has been an interesting few days since I discovered r/Christian.  God Bless.
What state?

You know, I remember harassing one of the more popular atheists on YouTube one time asking him "Why do you make these videos?", and he answered with the perfectly reasonable response "To educate people".  My response was to ask again, and he responded exactly as he had before.  I thought he was being difficult, and I was hoping that he would "admit" to being guided by Satan or some other thing.  Maybe he hated Christians, and wanted us all to hurt.  I don't know.

My point is, I've met you before.  You are me.  I've quoted what you've quoted, and I've said what you've said.  Of course I know John; I'm very aware of the excuses presented in the Bible for why God is never revealed to us.

The question is ***WHY*** is your god unwilling to reveal himself to us?  That is, if he exists.  Because if he did their would be no reason for us to have faith?  But why is faith such a necessity?

There are unanswerable questions in Christianity, and they are unanswerable because there are no answers for them.  They are not unanswerable because the ways of God are higher than ours, or because "the Lord works in mysterious ways".  They are unanswerable because there was very little collaboration in the creation of Christian scripture, so the authors inevitably contradicted each other.

The only elephant in the room is the simple fact that you don't know if your beliefs are true, in the slightest.  You have no idea.  You think that I am disordered or spiritually threatened (or threatening!) or broken in some other way.  Remember when Jesus said the truth will set you free?  Take his advice.  Seek some truth; stop assuming you're right, and look at things objectively and critically.
Your response made me smile.  Everything you accuse me of...such as not knowing if my beliefs are true etc...remind me of the story if you have one finger pointed at a person, there are 3 pointing right back at you. I am not threatened by your lack of belief or your arguments against the existence of God in the slightest.  I think you are most likely a sincere individual and i hurt for you. However, I tire of this road we are traveling, you and I. (that was funny - tire of this road!)  Your mind is closed.  God is knocking on the door of your heart.  Open it up and embrace truth.  God Bless.
My mind is closed? You aren't even bothering to consider anything I'm saying. I never once offered an argument against the existence of God. 

FFS, man. If the God I was raised to believe in were the God everyone was raised to believe in, *I would want that God to exist*. 

I'm not saying God doesn't exist, I'm saying we can't know for sure if he does or not. So instead of wasting time with things we can't be sure of, we should spend it on things we can be sure of. 
I'm not here to attack. I want to read, I may want to talk to people.

I am definitely not here to attack anybody's religion. Please consider me as a friendly visitor.  Thanks.  Miep,

[Stop attacking me!](http://i.imgur.com/oasum.gif)

tl;dr WELCOME!
Hi, Miep.  I can't speak for everyone, but I hope you find this a friendly place.  Welcome.  We probably have a lot we can learn from you as well.
[deleted]
Also, might want to try /r/christianity LOTS more readers there ;)

Hi Miep!
Thank you. I am impressed by the friendly responses here. The atheists and libertarians are going to have to find some more appealing atheists and libertarians, if they want to win my heart. 

I'll always be indie, to the day I die. I will also hew to my own sense of spirituality, ditto. 

I look forward to writing here more. About stuff like the incredible beauty of the world, and how easy it is to fall away from it, because it is so much, so big, so scary, so incredible. And so absolute. How that is a struggle every day of my life.

Y'all good with that, ya think? 
Agreed.  Please feel welcome to ask questions and comment on ours.  I like how this subreddit stays civil in the midst of a lot of hostile subreddits.
Thanks. I posted a piece about my own sense of spirituality on r/atheism a little while back, and was promptly assailed in a rather nasty manner by various and sundry before somebody came by and wrote "We don't want you to leave - we want you to learn!"

I'll note that what people learn from being attacked is to stay out of those neighborhoods. 
That's really interesting. There are a lot of Baptists where I live (I'm in Carlsbad, NM). I've lived in this small southern town for 13 years, and I do have issues with fundamentalists of any stripe, as well. 

Before I found reddit, I had no idea that atheists could be fundamentalists as well. 

TIL. I do think I'll stick around. 
Thank you, I have subscribed.


Yeah, actually when you were talking I thought of this quote someone put here a couple months ago. You might like it. 

> "I have a thought on this: What if the corridor of "logic" is not the path through which we are intended to arrive at what is "true"? Some people start from a paradigm that says, "Whatever is most logical is most likely to be true," and, for many, their end point is atheism or agnosticism. But what if, rather than logic being king, we were to allow beauty, or poetry, or love to be "king"? Would we find the story and the claims of Christ to be easier to accept? This is not to disregard logic as useless, but to see it merely as a mode of thinking which could potentially be pitted against beauty, or poetry, or love, etc. as a litmus test for what is "true"."

As for the rest, truth is truth its not relative. No subjective being could possibly hope to understand fully an objective morality. So a persistent striving is all we can do. I love anyone to come on by and help us out with it ^_^
That is absolutley fine. Any true christain accepts others with love no matter what there beleifs are. While the goal is to witness and show people who God is and what he can do for them, the bible teaches respect for others. 1 Peter 3:15, But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.
i did quite well over there in r/atheism ... i never bashed anyone i just kinda talked to a guy who was blind and basically challenged him to read the first 4 books of the new testament... not to prove him wrong but just so he'd feel welcome to find out anything more than just what other close minded atheists lead him to believe :) maybe it would give him a firm view on his own atheism or maybe not but either way the holy spirit would try working in his life :)

That is a really brilliant comment. Logic can so easily be used to lock one's self, and others, into boxes. 

Logic is an excellent tool, but a poor master. If I was to pick a master, it might be "kindness." 

The older I get (and I am old, compared to most redditors), the more I see that as my goal for what's left of my life. Try to be kind, try to be open-minded, try not to judge the experiences of others, especially when I am not very well acquainted with those others. 

There are different kinds of truth. I see truth as being more changeable. What seems to be more consistent, to me, are the lies. The lies seem to have a lot more staying power. 

Truth can involve a really good model for interpreting reality, a model that may eventually be superseded by a better one. That's a scientific approach.

Or truth can be something as simple as "Be kind, above all."

Or maybe something else. But any something else that is not about honesty and kindness is not likely to be much of a truth. 

Your phrase "objective morality" is interesting. I had a religious experience when I was 15. The phrase "objective morality" was not one I would have applied to the experience, but at the same time, I can't just reject it. 

I would describe the experience more as "Yes, of course you're not alone, don't be silly. It's all right in front of you."

I've also always liked "Everything Is Illuminated."

The takeaway phrase from my religious experience, the one that came to me right in the middle of it, was:

"There is no reflection without the mirror."

I thought about this for years. I eventually interpreted it (and continue to do so) as our being the mirror, The Great Mystery (God, whatever) being that which is reflected, and our ideas about God being the reflection. 

I ran this by r/atheism awhile back and they kind of spat at me. I'm now engaging in a kind of comparative religion experience on reddit. I wonder whether there is an alternative r/ that is about atheism without all the viciousness. Those people are really a walking advertisement for the theist subreddits. I was really shocked. 

I don't mean to keep harping about them, but they are a big part of our environment here. Far as I'm concerned, any group framed arounjd religious beliefs, or lack thereof; that is intolerant of any other similar group, just fails. Right then and there. Who will listen to such people? Fellow abusers and people who think they need to be abused. Very sad. 

Nice to meet you, ImperfectDisciple. I like how you think. And just as importantly - I like how you feel. 
> That is a really brilliant comment. Logic can so easily be used to lock one's self, and others, into boxes. 

I agree wholehearity. There are many things on Reddit that I saved. This [guy]( http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/m1vx0/paradigm_shift_between_christianity_and_atheism_i/) really made me think a lot. As a psychology/philosophy double major I put alot of stock into logic. Having it questioned I believe helped me along my journey a lot. 

> If I was to pick a master, it might be "kindness." 

Its cool to hear you say this. You said you were "older than most redditors" which I feel the same way. Being 21 on here is insane. :P Just kidding! But I would love to hear you why believe kindness to be an overall encompassing "thing". I put a lot into what people have to say and would love to hear your opinion.

> There are different kinds of truth. I see truth as being more changeable. 

You go on to talk about this a lot. I have actually thought about subjective truth/morality vs objective truth/morality a lot in the last 8 months and it brought me to atheism and back. It was a really rough time. But why do you think there can be multiple truths? From what I learn we need to define this more if we are going to talk about it. Its scary when you don't have your definitions down. And NO! I won't play Socrates to your definition. Pleaes feel free to give it whatever definition you desire. 

> "There is no reflection without the mirror."

That is a great I think Descrates approach. I like that in that it gives more light to the objective morality. In order to think of a perfect essence/entity/thing one must have some type of background of it. A Form if you will. At least this is what I think you are trying to say. Please correct me if I am wrong. However, to bring us back to the previous objective/subjective. If my view of a perfect being is different from yours, then there is an obvious problem. 

> I ran this by r/atheism awhile back and they kind of spat at me. I'm now engaging in a kind of comparative religion experience on reddit. I wonder whether there is an alternative r/ that is about atheism without all the viciousness.

Yeah I used to laugh at their intolerance/silliness but it got to me. I always go back to this quote whenever I feel myself get taken into by them. 

"Rather than countering with their own efforts, these atheists act like it is the duty of everyone else to make the world a better place, and it is their own duty to simply point out the failure of others attempting to do so when they disagree with the motives. Just to clarify, this isn't my impression of Atheists in general. Just of r/Atheism. It's not a nice place. It's dogmatic. It's unreasonable. It's hyperbolic. It's arrogant. It's uninformed. It's bigoted. It's hateful. It's unsympathetic. It's insensitive. It's a big circlejerk. "

But fear not! Atheist are some of my best friends in real life. That is why I don't block their post here. I really want to think and understand their viewpoints and where they are coming from. I understand a lot of them on reddit are deeply hurt. I am okay with their venting. They do need some place to do it and if it makes them feel better. I can't say I am big enough to not do the same thing. However, to answer your question there are a lot of places here. /r/freethought (I think...) is a fantastic place i hear. Also /r/debatereligion and lets not forget /r/christianity. There are many atheist in there (half of the numbers I think) and you get all sort of viewpoints. But if you want a more holistic view of religions, don't try the christianity one. 

Thanks for your kind words :) It always makes me feel better when people can actually be kind on the internet. Its so rarely seen but always makes me feel better. I"m sorrying for typing so much. But I would love to get to hear some of your opinions. You say you are older, well with age comes wisdom and experiences. Something I am in a major lack of. I only have the theortical and I am quickly learning that only gets you so far in this life. 

By the way, I am Nate :) It is a pleasure to meet you. 

Edit: didn't proofread. Don't hate me but I have to do an essay! Also, I would like to hear your story sometime. :) 


Hi, Nate. You can type all you want. I am feeling really pleased by your writing. I don't know whether you will be a friend, but everything about how you write tells me that you could be a friend. 

Thanks. I'll get back to you more later. Much appreciated.

Miep
I'm glad to hear you are pleased, I live to serve! :D I like friends. They are the best and I would love to be yours.

Can't wait to hear what you have to say!

Off to [work](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwqaef1u2R1qir5pb.gif)!

I don't like my 8-5 job. First one I have had. It just seems to eat all the time away. I'm gonna be late! CYA!

 
Work: something unpleasant done for money. 

I have a button around here somewhere that reads "This job is interfering with my life."

I've had some fun gigs, though. Paid and unpaid, contracted and indie. Sometimes just something I decided to do to brighten someone's day.

Money can be a problem or not, depending on your circumstances. But when a person's work is only about money, that is the saddest.

It looks very nice. I can't tell what all the words say, though.
Quite nice--almost symbolic.  I especially like the feather falling off, almost akin to some blessing dropped into someone's life inadvertently.
Some I can see, are easily seen. But others, the more muffled are meant to be that way. Figure a personal letter to God, thrown into a picture, to whom any one can interpret to there pleasing. -shrug-
I consider myself to be an atheist but I enjoy discussing religion and science and the correlation between them. I was discussing this with a friend at work one day, who is very religious, and he refuses to believe even the most basic of scientific principles. I respect his and others beliefs but it's absolutely fascinating to me that someone could reject anything and everything science has to offer. So I was just wondering is this way of thinking held by most Christians or just certain sects within the Christianity? And also, what are your views on evolution? I've always thought that if God made man with the ability to evolve, man would be near perfect and more in the image of God.

tl;dr: do Christians believe in science?
I view (generally) God being the "why" and science describing the "how."
I think the problem that most people see is that you are explicitly setting Religion against Science.  This would be fine if those were the only ways of discovering truth, but they're not.  The real question, which is much harder to answer, is "What is truth and how can we know it?"

Christianity's answer for that is Jesus "Jesus answered, 'I am the way and the truth and the life...'" (John 14:6).  So we assume that all truth Starts and ends with Him.  This is not to say that Christian's can't learn outside of church/the bible, but that we recognize that this is God's universe, and He ultimately hold truth.

Now aside from religion (for those of us who count it) there are several ways of knowing truth, but probably the most trusted is science.  Having the ability to test, reshape, and retest our views is very powerful and we learn a lot from it, but we can't learn everything.  and at some level we all have to accept that.  We can't even learn everything about science.  Even if science could answer every question, no one person is able to learn enough in a lifetime to understand the answers.  For me it often seems harder to believe what scientists tell me then to believe there's a God.

Most problems people have have with Religion aren't scientific at all.  We can't expect to demonstrate the non-existence of something that we can't understand, and If God exists and chooses not to reveal himself to us how are we going to show His existence.  It's not like flushing a rabbit out of the bushes.

So to answer your question, yes, many Christians believe in science.  I'm actually employed as a scientist, and I think science if freaking awesome.  But a lot of us see a much wider world than what we have been shown through science.

p.s.  I am not a biologist and have a very limited understanding of biology, so I'm not going to comment on evolution.  I'll just say that I've hard arguments from people smarter than I am both for and against it.
As a Catholic, I believe in evolution, the big bang theory, and other scientific theories related to our universe

Atheists time and time again try to say that science and religion cannot co-exist, but that is the biggest fallacy that atheists put out there, and I really don't understand why

**Every Christian I know believes in science**

Believing in science doesn't mean you can't also believe in a creator
I think it would be quite naive as a Christian to ignore science. I personally think the big bang theory and Genesis to some extent go hand in hand. I believe that God has given us an intellect of a limited understanding of how 'stuff' works. There are also a lot of scientists who are Christian. 
My thoughts ate what if god is just so complex that no one here can comprehend what he or she is? I mean perhaps he or she left these stories to get us to have what we call faith. But what if god is beyon our level of comprehension? Could that not be a possibility?
Don't get me wrong. I believe in god but also believe in evolution. 
Of note: [The Big Bang Theory was first posited by a Catholic priest](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georges_Lema%C3%AEtre).

The atheist does not hold a monopoly on science or even reason, and theism does not preclude a logical mind.
Compatibility: Morals determine what we can and cannot experiment on.  Morals determine how we choose to use scientific evidence.

Incompatibility: Science constantly tries to support or disprove our current knowledge of the world.  Science attempts to further knowledge little by little and can always be proven incorrect by new evidence.  Religion has standardized knowledge which cannot be proven wrong.  Religious knowledge is assumed correct.  Scientific and Religious knowledge are completely at odds.
[deleted]
As an individual, yes, of course. As a whole, yes of course. But there are individuals who choose to ignore it, and leave everything to faith. The stereotype of 'blocking' logic with the Bible is a pretty massive leap based on a few poorly worded statements.

There was a quote I read or heard, something, made sense to me. Science and Religion are just two different languages saying the same thing. They can and do go hand in hand for the most part. That's my view at least.
I am a follow of Christ who studies biomedical engineering and environmental engineering, and I work in diagnostic immunology. I am part of a Christian community at an engineering school. Without science, being students at this would not make any sense. 

As I continue to study my academics, I see the work of the Lord come alive more and more. I know others have used the whole the world is too complicated to happen by chance, but I truly believe that and I am convinced of it continually.

As for evolution, I grew up in a school that taught evolution as fact, and so growing up I simply accepted that to be true. I researched into it more when I got to college, and for me evolution has some holes and wasn't the clear cut fact I grew up with.  Things like the Cambrian explosion that simply does not fit the paradigm of the macro evolution process.

But when it comes down to it, Christ calls us to trust him above the things of the world, and above even science. It is sad to see that so much of (bad) Christianity about the law and worse, about (extremely) false "scientific" claims- when the basis of Christianity is to love God and love others.

edit: please feel free to reply if you would like to discuss more, or PM
I may be alone on this, but I don't consider science something that can be *believed* in.  Science .. at least once it reaches the point of theory, is really nothing more than a list of observable facts.  No one *believes* that 2+2 is 4, but in our scientific model of the universe, it does.

I don't think that science and religion are at odds with each other.  I'm a devout Christian, and I studied a lot of science in a private, Catholic school.  Never once did I think "this is BS" because it conflicts with God.  Science only seeks to model our world within the bounds of our understanding.  There are too many people who think incorrectly that

* Everything can be explained by science
* Science was designed to explain everything

Science is never going to answer the question of "why is there suffering in the world?"  The answer to that is pretty obvious .. conservation of mass, whatever.  No one knows why the world was designed so that people have to suffer.  Science doesn't seek to answer these questions anyway.

That said, I don't *believe* in science because it's not something that can be *believed* in to begin with.  However, I don't disagree with any established scientific theory either.  Evolution by natural selection (you have to remember to be specific about that!) is observable, and I'm not a biologist.  I have no argument against it, and I don't think it conflicts with my beliefs about creation either.
Of coures I believe in science. Science is describing God's mechanics and laws.

My Astronomy professor was the most Christian man I have ever met and he would tell us how as science progresses it points towards God.

The majority of the scientists in the world are Christian too.

I believe in the big bang, evolution, etc. But I believe it's all a part of God's plan.
they say that for a litany of reasons, but primarily because religions are disruptive to scientific progress.
The fact of the matter is that believing in religion shows that you don't understand the fundamentals of the scientific method. There is no good reason to believe in Christianity. 
If you believe in big bang and evolution then please admit the bible is wrong when it says god created the world and all it's inhabitants in 7 days. I have yet to hear a Christian admit the bible is wrong. When you do that, then I ask you, what makes you think the rest of it is right? 
I've always kinda felt religion explained who, science explained how.
This is truly how I feel. That god put a cap on what we can truly comprehend and that god is a step or twelve above this point that we comprehend. 
So which parts of Genesis you believe in?
How can you say that religion has standardized knowledge that cannot be proven wrong? There were many things that Christianity believed to be true, such as a universe where the earth was the center, and they have been proven wrong. Why could that not happen in the future with beliefs that you currently hold?
except that there is a ton of evidence that points to the fact that the Big Bang actually happened... cant say thta much for sky daddy
How did the scientific method fail to spot errors in Evolutionary Theory that you managed to pick up?
Actually plenty of good reasons.

Humans are not 100% rational creatures.  Belief in an afterlife offers peace and comfort to many.  Also it offers a great chance of community.  And in general, it tries to make people better, though there are tons of cases where people have abused it for power.

And there is nothing in the scientific method that would disagree with religion at all.  They are two completely different spheres.  Science deals in the natural.  It doesn't say there is no supernatural, it doesn't care either way.  Science can never say you are wrong for believing in something supernatural, but it can also never say you are right.


The only danger between science and religion is when religion tries to be science as well, which doesn't happen as much these days, and confirmation bias within science, though this latter is more a problem with scientist happening to be humans as well.
You know what you can't use to prove the efficacy of the scientific method to explain reality itself, and the very origin of reality and existence?

The scientific method.

Even the scientific method has limitations.
I guess Francis Collins, Francis Bacon, and Louis Pasteur didn't understand the fundamentals of the scientific method.
If you adhere to the scientific method, how can you consider evolution as fact?  Wait a minute.  Let's first decide what the definition of evolution is....................when you say evolution, to what are you referring?
How long did the initial occurrence/event of the big bang take? More than seven days?
Religion explains why, science explains how.
[deleted]
"That Christianity believed to be true"
*That Christians believed to be true, due to drawing implications from Scripture that weren't meant to be literal interpretations of astronomy (The sun moving in the sky)
I agree one some points; spirituality or an agnostic belief can fit into the scientific method, at somewhat of a stretch. However organised religion cannot- there is no way to justify such a belief, it is irrational. 
"Nothing in the scientific method that would disagree with religion at all."

Wow.. actually everything about religion conflicts not only with the scientific method, but also with its very premise. Science is about testing hypotheses, and rejecting hypotheses that can't be tested. Religion is about making unjustified assumptions.
It sounds like you want to use solipsism to justify not trusting the scientific method. That is a fallacy. 

You have to be pragmatic in life- sure, theoretically, everything we know about the universe could be wrong. But as far as we know it isn't and we can easily test our theories and find them to be true or false. 



The scientific method is a way of observing nature. You observe something, theorise about what laws of nature may be evidenced there, test your theory and conclude whether or not it is true.

Through this method we have discovered all of the basic principles of life and laws of the universe. We have established rules that are factually, empirically true and cannot be broken. If they ever are broken, such as when it was discovered the speed of light is not constant in a vacuum, we change our theories to adapt and instead of being upset that we were wrong, we are happy that we now understand more about the universe.


This basic theory doesn't actually have limitations. If there were a god and it were possible to prove that it existed, we would do so and do so to understand more about our universe. But there is as of yet no evidence that a god or gods exist and so we do not believe they they do. It's only rational. Straight-forward, factual, mathematical. Correct and empirical. 

There are theories as to the beginning of the universe, but in my opinion there isn't enough evidence to support them yet. If we as a culture live long enough I'm sure we can go to the stars and experiment further, discovering the true nature of the universe. We already understand how the universe is going to die (heat death), understanding where it began is more complicated but absolutely possible. 
If you say god explains the origin of reality and existence, then where did god come from?
I didn't actually mention evolution, but evolution is the theory that advanced animals developed by diversifying from their ancestors- that the law of the jungle, law of the fittest, defined what creatures survived best and so those randomly diversified creatures which are best suited to live in their environment survived best. 

The theory of evolution has a plethora of evidence behind it, is accepted as empirically true by the scientific community and not "believing" in it would be akin to deluding oneself. 

http://adsabs.harvard.edu/full/1990MNRAS.245..559E

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC372862/

http://anthro.palomar.edu/evolve/evolve_3.htm

http://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/search/topicbrowse2.php?topic_id=46

http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/

^ Schopf, J.W. (1999). Cradle of life: the discovery of Earth's earliest fossils. Princeton. ISBN 0-691-00230-4.

^ Woese, C. (1998). "The Universal Ancestor". PNAS 95 (12): 6854–6859. Bibcode 1998PNAS...95.6854W. doi:10.1073/pnas.95.12.6854. PMC 22660. PMID 9618502.

^ Theobald, D.L. (2010). "A formal test of the theory of universal common ancestry". Nature 465 (7295): 219–222. Bibcode 2010Natur.465..219T. doi:10.1038/nature09014. PMID 20463738.


It's a fundamental part of life- a mathematical pattern that exists everywhere in nature. The stars evolve, our thoughts and ideas evolve, ideals and philosophoies evolve- evolution, not in the biological sense of course, is even the cornerstone of capitalism.
Initial occurrence? Less than a second. Same with the initial occurrence of everything else. 
Science explains why, science explains how.
I would say prayer isn't scientifically valid. I'd say all of religion is. It has no scientific proof, I know all Christians count the bible as proof, but I personally would define scientific evidence as empirical data collected using the scientific method. And lack of proof of something, like cancer remission and prayer being linked, is not proof either. Personally, I believe everything should be questioned. Especially religion. How else will you grow and learn the truth about things if you don't question them?
Do you people explode if you see successful Christian scientists, or do you just catch fire?
Nope, not wanting to use solipsism to justify not trusting the scientific method. Not at all. If that's what I had stated or intended, it would certainly be fallacious. But, all I was doing was saying that the scientific method itself has limitations. At times they will be inescapable limits, and at at times they will simply make things very complicated or leave the jury out until possibly centuries or thousands of years' progress brings us to a new understanding.

The testing of theories is not always easy at all, and decades-long consensus about this or that theory being foundational is sometimes overturned. We know this is not to be taken as a sign that science is somehow utterly deficient. It's just something to keep in mind. In science, things develop. In the scientific community, there is a real necessity for scientists to devote themselves to hypotheses and theories that may not pan out, and there will always be a need for them to confidently assert things and stake their claims.

We are dealing with people here, though, and the general character of the scientific community is not free of political dynamics. Some of what we know now will stand the test of time, and some will be thrown out. In the future, people will say, "well, they were giving it their best, but if they only knew what we know now." It just happens.

To ask anyone to ignore this is not entirely realistic. We all sort of hedge our bets. Few do not do so in some way.

We have not even come anywhere close to discovering all the basic principles of life and laws of the universe. To say we have done so is more of a statement of political assent and support than anything else. If your statement were true, why are we not a step away from being a Type 3 civilization? Or a Type 2? Or even a Type 1? We're currently in a state of suspense of whether we will make it to Type 1.

We can actually prove by philosophy that God exists. I am aware that the contemporary scientific community rejects this and cannot stand for anyone to say so, and I am aware that many in the scientific community make a sour face at the mention of philosophy, but this does not make me so uncomfortable. I trust reason, as ironic as that sounds. I just don't believe contemporary scientific thought is free enough of political motivations, or perfect enough, to make me accept that philosophy is some abandonment of reason. "It's only rational."

I see an intent to engineer political assent and agreement behind the commonly repeated sound-bites about religious people and faith itself being inherently irrational and indefensible by reason. Swaying the masses does not change immutable truth.
I agree that science explains the "why" of causes. Theology is a different discipline that can address the "why" of purposes.
I personally just write them off as an outlier. What is the figure? Something like 90% of the national academy of science identifies as non-religious. It is certainly true that someone can simultaneously agree with science as well as be religious. 

However, science definitely thumbs its nose at religion again and again. Many stories in the bible used to be taught and believed to be complete fact. These stories have since been written off as allegorical or parables for how to live. Religion has to sort of retreat from its old beliefs if it's to continue to survive in a world of greater scientific understanding. Outstanding claims don't stand up as well as they once did.

The atheist position is that there's no particular scientific reason to believe that a god exists. Christians are welcome to provide such evidence, however it should be noted that placebo effects and warm fuzzies don't count. I don't want to sound harsh in saying that, but there are many christians who don't understand the difference.
I'm genuinely interested in philosophical proof of God's existence. Can you elaborate? I've always believed that you can neither prove or disprove the existence of some thing of that nature although to assume that there not only is one, but only one, and one that favors one of the many religions is rather silly.
If this is the kind of question that should be avoided here, then I really respect that.  However, I am not very into many conservative fundamentalist things like YEC. Other Christian subs outside of r/Christianity are explicitly for things like that, so I'm curious if that is true here to and to what extent I can discuss my beliefs here.  In short, how liberal or how conservative is this sub, exactly?

Thank you, God bless.
I've found this sub to have a good mix. I think you can come here and discuss your viewpoint and both be reinforced and challenged. 
I'm conservative in my beliefs.  All's I know is that you don't talk about creationism, and Islam is sort of not bad.


I'm a religious liberal and political conservative if that counts for anything.
Most people around here seem to be conservative. But if every progressive leaves then that will never change. So...stick around!

I'm more progressive than most evangelicals and many mainline protestants. But if you compare me to the Marcus Borgs, Rob Bells, John Cobbs, and Gustavo Gutierres' of the world, I'm conservative (although I enjoy reading all of the aforementioned people's work).
When I first joined Reddit, /r/Christianity was shockingly liberal, compared to the churches I had grown up in. It was the first time I had heard any Christians say that they believed in evolution, and supported things like gay marriage.
/r/Christianity: Quite Balanced

/r/OpenChristian: Left wing

/r/TrueChristian: Right Wing
Liberal and Conservative is the wrong way to look at things.  

What is more important to you?  Being a Child of God and a Christian or other?  Given you are have an ideology in the form of a false idol in your heart, than you may be blind to God, and what God is doing.  

Some people have false beliefs regardless of the political spectrum.  False beliefs and lies degrade mankind.  Jesus Christ is the Light and the Truth.  

>For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light (Ephesians 5:8)  

Good to hear.
As in those are rules or sentiments in the sub?
I'll take it.  I'm a religious liberal in matters like WO and SSM, but traditional in everything else, and very, very "progressive" politically, one could say...
Good to know!
I am glad this is the kind of response I'm getting.

At the same time, though, what would this sub consider false beliefs, regarding especially points of controversy in Christendom today?  It is a practical matter, really, as I don't want to intrude on a space not for me.
No, it's just you don't have many people who agree with those things.

The rules are something like, don't condemn sin unless it's your own struggle

Remain respectful 
And other stuff

I don't speak for the sub.  

/r/Christianity is pretty liberal in their views from my perspective.  There are a lot of Saul Alinsky's constantly raising questions about homosexuality for attention among other things.   
Gotcha!
Amen
I get along well in r/Christianity, though some of those things can be tiresome, and I'm even on the pro side of that.
Yeah!
Saul Alinsky - He wrote a book called "Rules for Radicals."  Many people are text book doing what he wrote. 

A Saul Alinsky attaches himself to a community like a Church or a low income community.  He stays there and works to get into positions of power and influence, or long enough that people start to like him.  He starts promoting non-biblical things that work in favor of politics outside of God and The Bible.  

Again, I don't speak for this sub.  

Moveon.org and Progressive people are moving on to something?  What exactly?  What is the vision and the goal?  Can we debate it?  They don't seem to talk about it much.  They seem to have built a religion or cult around a Socialist Atheist Utopia that denies the Book of Daniel.  (Daniel 12)  

The end goal of History is The Kingdom of God.  Who is working to build the Kingdom of God, and who is working against it? [Kingdom of God](http://kingwatch.co.nz/Kingdom_of_God.htm)
That progressives can lack true and godly vision, I agree to.  I am nonetheless progressive in outlook.
I may be consider a Bull-Moose Progressive to a degree.  We should be progressing toward The Kingdom of God.    
I agree.
I'm curious what you all think of near death experiences. I for one take them seriously. They saved me from suicide and brought Jesus into my heart. Long story short, I had planned my suicide and the night before started looking online into what would happen and found near death experiences, and suicides, and those who went to hell, or heaven, and everything inbetween. http://www.near-death.com/

That site along with Jesus and God saved my life. I met Howard Storm who was an atheist who went to hell before meeting Jesus, and then coming back. He turned his life around and became a Christian after his death. Please check out his story:

http://www.near-death.com/experiences/notable/howard-storm.html

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vm647n1360A

I also watched the video to hell and back of multiple atheists saved by Jesus:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQ8TEGMj-jc&t

Personally I think this confirms faith, and takes it further to learn about what happens. At least it has for me and led to Jesus.

I've come across many people that have died since my time. I'm not the best person, and likely compared to many Christians here, not that great, but I'm still Christian, and part of the group. I had also come across this one recently of this 10 year old boy who died and was shown a vision of the future of the demonic alien beings of Satan who wages war on Earth in the next several years or so. Something unfortunately which matches up with what I've seen from those pushing this on earth, trying to get God to intervene through divine intervention, whether that happens or not. The point is these are very rich and powerful people working behind the scenes working to bring about the second coming of Christ, but for the wrong reasons. Either way, this is also interesting:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eTKh7xM7DQ

Let me know what you all think of NDEs, or experiences you have had. 
I'm very wary of most NDEs. That being said, there are a few which have radically changed my view on the Christian life. Howard Storm's is one of them. There are a few details of his account that I can't totally reconcile with the Bible and so I've always looked at his story with more of a mind that I'm glad he was spared and that he came to Christ and that I hope his story brings others to Christ. 

A couple others that have really impacted me were 90 Minutes in Heaven by Don Piper and Flight to Heaven by Dale Black. 

I especially respect Dale Black's story because out of honor and respect for the sanctitude of his experience, he kept it a secret for 40 years or so. I think he's right about this also; that we should respectfully consider the holiness of these experiences and match them to the bible as well as warily consider other's who might be marketing their experience for personal gain. God deserves the honor and glory in these experiences.
I think anything is possible when it comes to God! I really enjoyed 90 Minutes in Heaven, which someone has already mentioned. I am so glad to hear that your curiosity saved your life and soul. Amazing story. Don't worry about being compared to other Christians-- we all fall short of the glory of God. What matters is that we *try* in order to please God who saved us. 
I don't believe that all people who have such experiences are lying but neither do I believe they are really visiting heaven or hell. I think that most of these situations are probably very vivid dreams, often enhanced by lack of oxygen and/or strong sedatives.

Having said that, I see no reason why God couldn't use such experiences to call people. We know he can use regular dreams to call people, so why not particularly vivid ones?

What I do have a problem with is people promoting such experiences as if they were evidence and as if they can tell us about the afterlife. If we accept such experiences as evidence then we have a very serious problem with our theology. People of all faith traditions are having NDEs. Muslims who have NDEs describe meeting Muhammad, Christians who have them describe meeting Jesus, and Hindus who have them describe meeting Yamraj or having their akashik record read to them. If we were to accept them as evidence or legitimate accounts of the afterlife then we would have to move towards some kind of polytheism or universalism. I find it more likely that the reason that people of all faith traditions have NDEs that conform to their view of the afterlife is because these visions originate in their brains.
Hello Christians,

please excuse me for my bad english, I'm 18 and from Europe.

I'm suffering from depression for a very, very long time now. About a year ago I also developed severe Agoraphobia and Hypochondriasis. (Basically I'm constantly thinking I have a life threatening illness and can't really go anywhere)


Anyways, I just wanted to sleep because it's 5am right now and suddenly my heart started racing,I got dizzy, I could not see properly and thought of "Maybe god wants to punish me for even considering suicide by killing me and sending me straight to hell"... I know it sounds crazy, but I kinda can't tell anxiety attack from lifethreatening situation or a possible punishment from god.


I've always believed in Jesus my whole life. But I am a very, very bad christian. I don't pray regularely, I tell god in my prayers that I'm sorry that I'm mostly praying when I'm feeling bad, also that I'm not reading the bible. I used to read a little bit of it everyday but now I haven't done that for quite a few months. I've sinned so unbelievably much and heavy for my 18 years, you guys couldn't even imagine. I'm really expecting a punishment accordingly to my sins in every moment.


That kinda summs up where this question comes from, again I'm very sorry for my bad writing.


Please tell me your opinion.
No, he doesn't. 

It sounds like you need to get some medical help, and you need to get back into your bible. You need to learn who you are in God, and what God thinks about you (it's good). 
Know that you are not alone.  Know that there are other Christians suffering from depression and suicidal thoughts everyday.  Even more so, know that He will lead you through the storm.  Psalm 23; Psalm 28:7; Isaiah 43:2; Romans 8:28; Philippians 4:13.

As others have mentioned, I would suggest reestablishing your faith in God.  Get back into the habit of reading your Bible daily.  If/When you have these thoughts, open your Bible and begin reading.  Rather than focusing on punishments, focus on how much God loves you.  John 3:16; Romans 5:8; Isaiah 40:31; Isaiah 41:10; Lamentations 3:22-23.

Lastly, admit to God that you need His help by repenting for any known sin.  Do not think of repentance as failure.  None of us are perfect.  Many Christians struggle with various sins, but the Bible tells us that if we repent and turn away from our sins, God will forgive us. 1 John 1:9. 

Here is a good resource: http://www1.cbn.com/overcoming-depression?cbn_prev_article_nid=267276&cbn_prev_article_title=What+the+Bible+Says+About+Suicide
The first thing you should know is that God loves you so much that even while you were a sinner, Christ died for you (Romans 5:8); so sin won't keep God from loving you.

Concerning God punishing you for having suicidal thoughts: 

1)  "There is no fear in love, but perfect love drives out fear, because fear involves punishment...." (1 John 4:18)

2)  God is love (1 John 4:16) and the definition for "agape" love (the word for 'love' used here) is the same kind of love described in the famous 1 Corinthians 13, *"Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no accounts of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails."*, and since "God is love", you can replace "God" with "love": "God is patient, God is kind...." The point is, God won't punish you, He loves you; but He will discipline you.

3)  Jesus is the "..exact representation of (God's) nature...", and Jesus did everything The Father told him to do; then it's safe to say that God would act similarly to Jesus; and Jesus, although he may have been angered at some points in the gospel, never punished anyone. Jesus didn't even punish the woman who was caught in the middle of a sin, but instead he told her, "Then neither do I condemn you. Go now and leave your life of sin."

Aside from the strictly biblical answer, what you eat can also effect your mood. For example, eating sugar can prevent you from sleeping (~2 hours later).
God's defining characteristic is love (1 john 4:8). He isn't interested in punishing you; he's interested in comforting you. Return to God, not out of fear that he might punish you if you don't, rather knowing that with him by your side, you will be supernaturally comforted by the hands of your loving heavenly father.

God is not hung up over the bad things you've done. When the prodigal son returned to his father (luke 15), the father was not angry and ready to give him his punishment for having squandered his wealth and disobeyed. On the contrary, the father was overjoyed, ready to kill the fattened calf and have a feast to celebrate the son's return. So it is with you. God is not angry at what you've done, he's already forgiven for you and is ready to welcome you back with hugs and celebration.

Don't fear a God who wants to punish you. Return to the God who wants to comfort you and help you navigate the illnesses you are dealing with. Dealing with the issues you are dealing with will require professional help and may require medication. Don't skip that stuff, but rather seek that help with God by your side.
Read 1 John 4:4 I will pray for you. 
Yes God punishes siners and thinking about suicide is a sin. For example in mathew 5:28 talks about committing adultery just by thinking it. But know this until u draw your last breath you will always have a chance to be a desciple of Jesus Christ no matter what you think or what you've done. John 3:16. You need to find a good bible preaching church. And surround yourself with true desciples of Jesus Christ. Read the bible very day no matter if it's 1 chapter or even 1 verse and pray to God 2 deliver you from evil in Jesus name. I wouldn't recommend going to a doctor they'll just pump you with drugs that open more doors to demons. And remember

Isaiah 41:10Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness
Definitely not.  The bible isn't meant to be taken literally.  It is a guide.  You should definitely seek some help as I understand how depression can fool one into hurting themselves. Remember it is not real.. you will have a day after this that you won't be depressed and you will see it.  
Can I give you a Bible Verse?

Thank you for your answer
Thank you very much.
Hi, just wanted to say I love you 
Thank you
> efinitely not. The bible isn't meant to be taken literally. It is a guide

This is separate from the Op's post, but why would you say that the word of God is not meant to be taken literally?
I love you too.
I hate to do simple internet research FOR other people but here ya go https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htxOjJHB5-8
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | Deep Misunderstanding about the Bible by Fr. Robert Barron
Description | Fr. Robert Barron explain how to read the Bible and how easy it is to misread it! For full talk: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlps1Svr2Fo
Length | 0:07:36

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
I wasn't asking you to research it I was asking you why you believe that, there are some allegories and prophesies but i believe in the literal translation of the Bible and that it is whole and inerrant. I can produce any opinion that serves my itching ear on the internet. Especially this apostate Catholic. The internet is not God's word, and you repeatedly posting these throughout Christian forums. You are not of the spirit of God, you are none of his you are of your father the Devil attempting to corrupt God's word among the weak in spirit. May you be a Nethema. May you reap what you sow.

Errrr right... I just answered your question... I posted a video on why you aren't suppose to bible literally.  Or did you ask me something else that I'm unaware of.
Romans 12: 18-19
"If it is possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone. Do not take revenge, my dear friends, but leave room for God’s wrath..."

Do you find it difficult to live at peace with everyone? After all people get on your nerves everyday. Like the guy at the traffic light with his music blaring so loud you can't even think, or the guy who cut you off in traffic. Perhaps the co-worker that seems to always have an attitude or the boss who continually makes unreasonable demands. It is difficult to keep the peace with people that do not seem to care about you or anyone else for that matter. You cannot control people, especially people that do not share our faith, but what you can do is go the extra mile and YOU create a peaceful environment.
You and I are told to, "turn the other cheek," (Matthew5:39) "Bless those who persecute you." (Romans 12: 14) and still we ask, "why do I have to make the peace? Because you are not of this world, you are of a higher calling, you represent Jesus Christ every minute of everyday, there is no day off from Christianity. You live for God to the best of your ability and leave the rest to God, He will judge the righteous and the unrighteous.


It is not possible to live at peace with everyone, Christ tells us that we will be hated as he was hated. Persecution is a Christians inheritance while on the earth and persecution will wax worse and worse like birthing pangs until the latter end arrives. Patience and meekness are traits of Christ and an example for how we should behave and treat our neighbors.

However I see often the "Turn the other cheek" quotation being used in reference to apply to "all of us", when in actuality that was said in Mathew by Jesus while he was preaching to the "Lost sheep of is-real". The book of Matthew, Mark and Luke cover the various teachings of our savior and the promise if the Jews believed then the "Kingdom of Heaven" would be built. The Jews however as a nation rejected Christ and as prophesied the Jews were blinded and Christ was Crucified therefor salvation was sent unto the gentiles. The Book of John is a gospel unto the gentiles and you will notice "The kingdom of heaven" is not preached, but "The Kingdom of God". There is a distinct difference between the two, "The Kingdom of God" is promise to Jew and Gentile alike and replaced the "Kingdom of Heaven" following the crucifixion. There is much gain when you read the gospels with this difference in your heart. I will outline one concerning your post: While Christ dwelt among us, he spake "Turn the other cheek", In John, just prior to his Crucifixion he spake "Sell your cloak, and buy a sword".
And after that, when they did use the sword, what did Jesus say, "No more of this!"

And while he was being crucified and mocked by everyone around him, "Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."

And when he was resurrected, "Peace be with you."

It probably isn't possible to live at peace with everyone, but Paul said, **"If it is possible, as far as it depends on you** live at peace with everyone." We, shouldn't be actively trying to cut off the ears of the high priest's servants (so to speak), "Do not take revenge, my dear friends, but leave room for God's wrath,.." we should still, "Love your enemies", "love your neighbor as yourself", "Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind." and we should "Love one another. As I have loved you, so also you must love one another." (that about covers all the bases).

I could be wrong, but the "Kingdom of God" is used in all four books of the Gospel (In Matthew, "Seek first the kingdom of God..." etc..., and only 2x in John), but the "Kingdom of Heaven" is only used in the book of Matthew. These two are used interchangeably between Matthew and the other Gospels: Matthew 11:11 and Luke 7:28; Matthew 13:11 and Mark 4:11/ Luke 8:10; and Matthew 13:33 and Luke 13:20-21.

But, I am interested in your theory that "'The Kingdom of God' is promised to Jews and Gentile alike and replaced the 'Kingdom of Heaven' following the crucifixion." The writer of Luke wrote both Luke and Acts, which would explain why he uses "The Kingdom of God" instead of "..of heaven"; and the only time you see any "The Kingdom of God" after, Acts, is in Paul's epistles. Is that why they stopped using, "The Kingdom of Heaven"?


Concerning what the apostle Paul said brother, I absolutely agree. We should never seek out trouble or conflict. When Christ said "No more of this" it was a rebuke and attempting to fight the power of his godliness and purpose. When Christ said "Sell your cloak and buy a sword" this signified a change, we as Christians walk among both are neighbors and enemies. There is a large difference between a Christian, a Sinner, a Neighbor and an enemy. The Bible shows us time and time again what God does to his enemies. You mentioned vengeance, which I'm glad you brought up because this is also important because I want no one to think that you can seek prideful, self satisfying vengeance, for vengeance belongs to the lord. You however do not have to suffer at the hands of your enemies, as time passes on this earth the evil liars and seducers will wax worse and worse, you do not turn the other cheek to an enemy of God, you destroy them. Christians have a difficult time swallowing this, it does not conform with he prosperity preaching, love gains victory over all, love is god mindset taught in new age churches and orthodox ones alike. 


I am a Christian ex-atheist but all of this is still relatively new to me. I feel like I'm doing something wrong because when I pray, I feel like I'm talking to myself. God never "speaks" to me and even when I need help and feel alone and do everything I can to fully rely on Him, nothing happens. What's going on? What's even the point of prayer if God already knows what will happen? And how can I rely on God if He's seemed very unreliable to me? Please help; this is severely weakening my faith.
i love to picture Jesus in my shoes and imagine how he would handle it, invariably I almost always think he would be praying in some sort of fellowship to the Father with total devotion and total abandon (this fellowship with the Father is what's worth sacrificing everything to attain), the parable of the Father running to the son who is coming home is a great picture of the love the Father has for us, He is worthy of us to cast all our cares, anxieties, and fears on. Imagine Jesus trusting Him, this always helps me in a huge way, by looking to Christ in this way I'm helped in ways I don't understand...
I think it's important to start by pointing out that it's not often that God will speak to us in a way that is very convenient to us (ie. audible replies to our prayers, visions/dreams, a prophet/messenger/angel explaining they've been sent by God to share something with us, specifically). I'm definitely not saying these things *can't* happen because they most certainly do; it's not the main way they happen though.

I don't think it's a coincidence the Bible is called the *Word of God* though. God has revealed literally everything we need to know about Him within Scripture (not to be confused with everything we want to know): He teaches us about His character, His plans and promises, the way we should view ourselves/others/Him, and so much more.

With all that said, the best way to hear from Him is to be actively seeking in prayer **and** through reading the Bible. I promise you'll find verses that seem to speak to your exact situation. If you've never read a book of the Bible through before, I would suggest starting with the Gospel of John.

If you feel like your prayer life is still suffering, or you just want to go deeper still, I would highly recommend [*The Kneeling Christian*](https://www.amazon.com/Kneeling-Christian-whatsoever-believing-receive/dp/1622453298/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1497983734&sr=8-1&keywords=the+kneeling+christian). The original is by an "Unknown Christian," but the one I linked appears to be the same text, and the digital version is free to download. It's a book we've been working through at our church this year, and it's changed the way my wife and I pray and how we look at prayer.

I don't know what your attitude toward prayer has been, but I think the most important thing to remember is that we should not be entering into prayer with the expectations that our prayers will not be answered.

James 1:5-8
>^5 If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask God, who gives generously to all without reproach, and it will be given him. ^6 But let him ask in faith, with no doubting, for the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea that is driven and tossed by the wind. ^7 For that person must not suppose that he will receive anything from the Lord; ^8 he is a double-minded man, unstable in all his ways.

Psalm 5:3
>In the morning, LORD, you hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before you and wait expectantly.

I apologize for my long-windedness, but I hope I've provided both encouragement and insight here. I'll be praying that you receive the response you're looking for from God, that your faith in Him be restored and strengthened.
It's important to pursue a relationship with God as part of a faith community. As much as I wish we could provide that in a forum such as this one, it's just not adequate. Continue what you're doing but also seek out a good church that you can be a part of. 
Keep coming near to God and God will come near to you. God can see your heart and that you're trying, keep it up. Another thing to do would be join a church and get baptised in the Holy Spirit... Then you'll really be cooking with gas!
He does answer, it just may be that it's not what you want to hear. Be patient and persistent in your prayers. If need be, try to dedicate some time to fasting in silence and focus on him.
God answers, in his time, not ours. And not always in the way we imagined. God often speaks to me through somebody else, like an elder Christian, or maybe a sermon, or the bible. Sometimes if you get no answer, the answer is no, or wait. Also, the point of praying even though he already knows is communication. It's a relationship that you are creating with God. He wants you to be completely dependant on him but he also wants relationship and you can have relationship without communication. 
this is related: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5LWfLVf8Nk&t=666s
I am baptized and have been going to a great church for almost a year now.
I am baptized and have been going to a great church for almost a year now.
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | Hudson Taylor's Exchanged Life
Description | As I thought of the Vine and the branches, what light the blessed Spirit poured direct into my soul! How great seemed my mistake in wishing to get the sap, the fullness out of Him! I saw not only that Jesus will ever leave me, but that I am a member of His body, of His flesh and of His bones. The vine is not the root merely, but all----root, stem, branches, twigs, leaves, flowers, fruit. And Jesus is not that alone----He is soil and sunshine, air and showers, and ten thousand times more than we ...
Length | 0:15:27

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
Video linked by /u/Rowdyruckus:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[Hudson Taylor's Exchanged Life](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Y5LWfLVf8Nk&t=666s)|rowdyruckus88|2012-01-28|0:15:27|11+ (100%)|1,816

> As I thought of the Vine and the branches, what light the...

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/Rowdyruckus ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dj5wqxz\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v1.1.3b
That's great news. This is something you should seek the support of your church community with.

Personally, I feel Gods presence more closely through worship. when I pray I often also like to do so as I walk in nature (among trees, the beach, or whatever nature is where I am located). But I know others who feel Gods presence most through ritual.

In the long run, the more experience you have the easier it gets to feel his presence.

The reason I encourage you to seek community is because these are the kinds of things that small groups are perfect for discussing about; so you get to hear from others. It's also the kind of thing pastors have years of experience guiding people through. You should look for a way to seek support through your church. 
Dear friends, I am worried. I have a severe phobia of people and a lot of churches around my area are filled with bad people pretending to be good. I want to be saved and accept Jesus into my heart but I have a fear of people and groups. What do I do?
To be saved is the easy part.  Romans 10:9-10.  The fellowship  with the one body is where you might run into trouble.  I have a hard time with this as well due to time constraints.  I have to remind myself that 1) I was not given the spirit of fear but of power "authority." 2) God desires that we are all of one mind and we must interact in order to do so. 

I would study Romans chapter 12 and 1st Corinthians chapters 12-13.  When you know what God has called you to do then it might ease and or edify you to the point of action.
Get to know some of the people in these places.  Go to a small group or just start attending and see how they are in and outside of church. 
You can be saved now if you really want to. Please read through this explanation of how to be saved, and follow the steps at the end to know what to do. 

The Gospel is the salvation of God who is the Lord Jesus Christ. This is the teachings of Christ and how He, as the Lamb of God, was sacrificed for the sin of all mankind. And how accepting Him as your Saviour will save you from your sin.

-----------------------------------------

***[What Must I Do To Be Saved?](https://youtu.be/Rp1UlDnyKMY?t=8s)***

*The three "Rs" of salvation*. "**Recognize**" we are sinners, "**Repent**" of your sins, and "**Receive**" Christ as your Saviour.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#We are saved by Faith, not by works, and by faith we find salvation in Jesus Christ alone.

* 1Peter 1:18-21)  **Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers; But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot: Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.** 

* Philippians 2:8) **And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.**

-----------------------------------------

#We are all Sinners -

He died on the cross for your sins because sin demands the penalty of death

* Romans 3:10-12) **As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.** 

* Romans 3:23) **For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;** 

-----------------------------------------------

#The Penalty of Sin -

* Romans 6:23) **For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.**

But this death penalty was paid for by Jesus in His work on the Cross, and all that is left is your turning to Him and accepting Him as Saviour.

----------------------------------------------

#Repent of your sins -

* Acts 3:19) **Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;**

Jesus Himself said -

* Luke 13:3) **I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.**

Scripture also says -

* 1John 1:5-10) **This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth: But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. **If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness**. If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.**

------------------------------

#Not by Our Own Works -

Nothing of ourselves is needed, necessary, or capable of attaining salvation. Our works, our deeds, our abilities are not worthy enough or good enough.

*  Ephesians 2:8-9)  **For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.** 

* Isaiah 64:6)  **But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.** 

Our righteousness and works are as filthy rags in comparison to Christ's. We must repent and turn from everything of ourselves and completely accept the Lord Jesus, and He WILL forgive us and cleanse us and save us. This is a promise of Christ; all sin will be forgiven and eternal life and salvation will be given.  

----------------------------------------------

#Believe in Christ - 

* John 3:15-18) **That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life. For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.** 

Scripture promises salvation to all those that believe in Jesus Christ, and salvation cannot be lost or taken away.

* 1John 5:10-13)  **He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son. And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life. These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.**

* John 10:28) **And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.**

***All that is left is for you to choose. All you must do is accept Jesus Christ as your Saviour and repent of your sins and you will be saved. That's it***

You do this by literally talking to Christ in prayer, tell Him you want Him to save you and to forgive your sins. Just pray, and accept Jesus Christ as your Saviour. There's no magic words, no ritual, no traditional phrase or way of doing this, just believe in your heart that Christ is God and repent of your sins and you will be saved. 

If you are sincere and truly wanting to be saved, then here's an example prayer - 

* **Dear Jesus, I know I'm a sinner, and you have died for me on the cross, and I believe that you have risen again to bring me life. I believe that you are God and that you are my Saviour, please forgive me of my sins and wash me clean by your shed blood. Please save me Lord Jesus, and bring me into your family. Amen**

If you truly believe, and you have meant this in sincerity, then you are saved by the power of the Lord Jesus Christ and your sins are forgiven. 

Please PM me if you have any questions whatsoever. I'm a Minister of the Word of God and the Gospel of Jesus Christ, I'd be happy to help you any time. You can also always find me at /r/ChristianCoffeeTime
Hello All

Does anyone else have trouble focussing on reading their Bible? Lately I have. Try this simple hack - 

Listen to an audible Bible recording of a book on youtube, while you read along with your Bible. I find the non dramatized recordings are the best. 

For eg: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbZxXLJJJck
I have an NIV study Bible too, so it pairs well, and I can stop to check out the notes along the way. 

Hope it helps!
  I work at a daycare during the week. Last night I had a weird dream where I was at work and the kids were napping. I wasn't assigned to a classroom, so I was kind of just wandering around. Suddenly there was an "armed intruder" warning. I ran to an empty classroom and hid under a desk (as all the classrooms with children in them were locked due to the warning). 3 "intruders" came in through a window in that classroom. Two men and a woman. The woman came in first and found me pretty easily. I'm pretty sure they were armed but they all crouched around me staring at me. I kept waiting for them to drag me out from under the desk but they didn't. I heard one of them remind the others that they "weren't allowed to touch me". Despite this I kept expecting them to pull out a gun and shoot me. I was absolutely terrified. In my dream I buried my face in my knees and started praying, even promising to "fast for 1/2 a day" (I don't know why it was just half a day, makes no sense to me) if I got out the situation alive. Next thing I know I'm lifted and taken from the room. Almost like I was suddenly in this invisible box and was shoved. Later in the dream I learned that the intruders didn't think I or anyone else was going in be in that room and that's why they came in. When I woke up I thought it was just a weird dream about an intruder in the school, but as they day went on I kept getting more and more creeped out and confused by it. Why were they not allowed to touch me? They weren't even able to lift their hand towards me. It was just bothering me and I wanted to know if anyone had any thoughts. I am religious but I don't remember ever praying in a dream before. 
What comes to mind is the story of Job, God told Satan that he was not allowed to kill Job. And also other portions were God refuses the enemy to touch, afflict, or even go near His children. 

In **1Kings** we see with Elisha that we are surrounded by a mountain of Angels, in **Psalms** we are protected by Guardian Angels, and Jesus teaches in the **4 Gospels** we are sealed in the hand of the Father, and in **Ephesians** we are indwelt by the Spirit of Christ. *So with such protection and surrounding glory and power the enemy is very limited in what they can do*. They can only touch or afflict us if either - *we are deliberately outside God's protection in a moment of rebellion and sin* - OR - *God allowed them to do so by His authority for a reason that only God Himself sees a purpose for*. God allowing it to happen generally is for either chastisement because we have sinned willfully and deliberately and are refusing to be repentant, or for a test like Job to increase our faith and trust in Him. 

This dream due to its specific wording and imagery makes me believe that this was perhaps (*and I say perhaps*) more than a regular dream, the New Test talks about "*dream visions*" and prophesy in **Acts, Isaiah, and Joel** that will take place with the Lord's children in the end days, where as it once was it shall be again.

This sounds like a possible dream vision of the Lord's protection over you, where the enemy was not able to touch or afflict you, and you cried out to the Lord in your dream and you were protected and shown the power of God. 

* Also that the dream caused you to think upon it and it caused you to be drawn even more to the Word of God, prayer, fasting, and to talk and share about the Lord. All things that make manifest of God or cause to be manifested of the Lord's greatness and goodness is from the Lord.

*So I would pray about this and ask Him about it and see what He tells you in your devotions* :) 







 
When you say you are 'religious', what do you mean? Would you say you are a christian? Would you say you are born again?

Do you have any idea what this dream could mean? Even a slight inkling, no matter how crazy it might seem?

I've had several dreams about the rapture (see my posting history), which I believe were from God. In the dream, I also got a feeling about what the meaning of the dream was. 

Also, I think I posted about this too. My daughter had a dream when she was about 3 years old, which sticks with her, she says it's the first dream she can remember and the one she can always remember (check posting history for details), but it ended with my head being cut off in a guillotine. 

I get the feeling that this too could be a prediction of what's to come. I think endtime.com are right about what they say about the imminent peace deal, and a WW3, and in that case, I think within our lifetime, the mark of the beast will be implemented. And of course we as Christians cannot take this mark, and they can track people who do not take this mark, and I think we will be rounded up and executed. 

Perhaps your dream is to warn or prepare you for this. 

Check out endtime.com, they say that a peace deal is imminent which will start the final 7 years to the battle of armageddon, that there is still to be a WW3 (separate to the battle of armageddon) where one third of humanity will die, and 3.5 years into the peace agreement, the abomination of desolation will occur (where the antichrist proclaims himself to be god)


I would say that dreams are sometimes odd, but not necessarily meaningful.
Thank you! This was such a great response.
I'm Catholic actually. I was just bothered by the dream because something seemed unusual and off about it. I actually woke up after the dream in the middle of the night feeling sick to my stomach. It was also the fact that there were 3 intruders and they weren't allowed to touch me and that after I prayed in my dream I was removed from the harmful situation that made me think there could have been a theological aspect to it. 
Glad I could help, God Bless :)
I ordered Christening baby Socks through Amazon and i instead received "Tit-tape".

when i complained that i found this mixup of items distressing, the response i recieved was very insulting and condescending. The seller emailed me;

"if you watch the news you will see and learn far bigger things to be so upset about" 
Do you have reason to believe this was intentional? Was the erroneous product even on the list of products offered by the seller?
I would suggest you take up the matter with Amazon. Forward the rude reply.
You have a lawsuit.  All you have to do is find the right lawyer.   
Exactly this. Amazon won't stand for that.
No, he doesn't have a lawsuit. What would the damages be? Mental anguish because he said rude things to him? There is no lawyer who would take such a petty case unless you paid him up front.

More importantly, is this really the way you want to live? You want to sue people any time you feel they were rude? Is that really the kind of world you want to live in? More importantly, is it what Jesus would do?
I watched ["Top 10 Reasons Ancient Rome was a Perverts Paradise"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhP-OUt1Eos) yesterday.  I was aware of a lot of that before hand, but the author reminded me of some things.  

Original sin was looking for knowledge to be like God.  In Pagan Greece and Rome every man was a god and every woman a goddess? They were gross.  What Spirit is someone of?  


>
> More importantly, is this really the way you want to live? You want to sue people any time you feel they were rude? Is that really the kind of world you want to live in? More importantly, is it what Jesus would do?

It wasn't just rude.  Given the current legal system that would be a hate crime.  It is discrimination.  Any lawyer worth his salt could take that to court and win.  

Should someone do that?  I don't know.  I don't really care for the US legal system, or care to work through it much.  

Justice is a fundamental need of man, and this is a good opportunity to show how despicable many Non-Christians are.  A child in a classroom who misbehaves is punished?  The person working for Amazon is a child who has issues.  He needs to know that he did wrong, and know there may be repercussions.  
No, it isn't discrimination. It's just being rude.

There was a mixup and the merchant reacted in a rude way to whatever e-mail about finding the mixup offensive the OP sent. That's all. No one should be sued for this and no lawyer would agree to sue anyone for this (unless you pay them up front).

It's ok to be rude. The consequence is a bad review on Amazon that may drive others away.
Christening Baby Socks:  

https://www.amazon.com/baby-christening-socks-Clothing-Shoes-Jewelry/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=n%3A7141123011%2Ck%3Ababy%20christening%20socks

Item with religious intent.  Used for one thing.  She was doing some thing good and following her religion.  

Tit Tape - Something a pervert who hates religion and Christians may send instead.  This is not an isolated incident.  Those types of people need punishment.  He is most likely a possessed person.  
Yes, it is an isolated incident and the person who created this thread even called it a mixup.

The OPs claim isn't that this was done on purpose in order to target Christians. There was a mixup and the guy was rude when it was brought to his attention, that's all.
Why does it matter so much to you that it was rude and not discrimination?  

It is not an isolated incident.  That would be a false statement and deception.  Some people really hate Christians and they spread hate and deceptions.  Go to Atheist Republic Facebook Page?  
It's not that it matters to me, it's that those are the facts. Being rude is not discrimination. There are no grounds for a law suit here.

If you have evidence that this seller consistently sends Christians offensive items, present it. Otherwise, yes it does appear to be an isolated incident.
A Professor who is rude, could get fired for discrimination in the current political climate.  A public figure who is rude, could end up losing his job for what people call discrimination.  

Maybe you are right, given my lack of understanding of the US legal System.  

On a personal level, it was Discrimination and hate, and not just rude.  



No, it appears to have been a mixup followed by a rude response.
It has hate.  How does someone mix up christening baby socks with tit-tape?  In the Amazon warehouse are those two items next to each other?  Various items are probably coded in the warehouse.  Are their codes similar?  

There is a Spirit going through people right now.  It is The Anti-Christ Spirit.  It hates Christians and Christian people.  This is part of the way it is manifesting right now.  

You seem to have an agenda here.  What is your agenda in arguing this?  
That's not how amazon works. This was clearly an Amazon marketplace purchase.

How does it happen? You put the wrong shipping label on the package and off it goes to the wrong person. There's probably someone who received baby socks wondering where their tape is.
> .
> 
> 
> 
> How does it happen? You put the wrong shipping label on the package and off it goes to the wrong person. There's probably someone who received baby socks wondering where their tape is.

There are certain people who hate Christians and Christian people.  They are the same type of people that would make fun of Mitt Romney's wife for being a stay at home mom.  They are willing to go out of their way to mock said Christians.  

Are you saying those types of people do not exist, and that no one would purposely send tit tape to a Christian?  
I am saying that it is incredibly unlikely that is what occurred in this case. What is far more likely is that, as often happens, and as the person who began this thread claimed, there was simply a mixup.

Mixups are incredibly common. I've been shipped the wrong books from Amazon merchants on at least two occasions. Sometimes they grab things from the wrong shelf, sometimes they slapped on the wrong shipping label, etc...

It makes more sense to believe that this is just a regular mix up as happens so often than to think that some devious person purposefully created a listing for Christening socks on Amazon so he could send mildly offending items to Christians instead.
You are wrong.  

Given it was just a mix up, Amazon would have apologized and worked to fix it.  Instead:   

>"if you watch the news you will see and learn far bigger things to be so upset about" 

You are providing a false narrative.  You seem to be confused.  
Nope, I'm going with the facts as stated. You, on the other hand, don't even seem to know the difference between Amazon and Amazon Marketplace.
> don't even seem to know the difference between Amazon and Amazon Marketplace.

Correct.  I know very little about Amazon.  

As a certified teacher, a former Non-Commissioned Officer, and now a man working for God, I do know a lot about misbehavior....and particularly what Spirits are doing.  

Again...you are up in arms over this like it is the most important thing to you, and completely not making any sense.  It is clear cut.  Christians are mostly law abiding people who promote wholesome families.  Nipple tape was clearly not an accident.  She should get an apology.  Instead she got salt.  
She's the kindest person I've ever met, the sweetest, never whiny, always sparing a thought for others, always cheerful, doesn't swear doesn't smoke doesn't drink. She has the most amazing voice ever like legit the most amazing. She doesn't whine. She's really the best. She has the most amazing faith in God, serves in church, attends church every week and all. 

But I'm the most imperfect guy ever. Man what do I do
Son, you better realize that she's just a girl. She poops and burps and probably enjoys something you'd find repulsive. The only area "out of your league" exists is in your spiritual equality. Keep your relationship with God close, and go ask her out, and expect to find a whole bunch of flaws in her.
Normally it starts by talking to her. If there is chemistry you will hit it off like best friends and she may well be the one, but if not she's not your wife. When it's a God thing you'll be in awe. 
CanIGettaAMEN!!?
Yeah Mizzles!
https://www.reddit.com/r/bibleasshole/comments/68xqtz/jesus_christ_is_lord/?st=J2B4ZTLG&sh=ba331671


https://youtu.be/ams7_2i5tcY
simply done, and yet beautifully explained
Honesty is the key to happiness. Discipline is the way to the light. 
I think there is and needs to be room for both. I think there is absolutely a problem in the way many (most?) church communities shut themselves in under the guise of being welcoming, but not really reaching out to those in need around them. There definitely is a push to "look busy" by organizing events that everyone is welcome to come to but only Christians attend. Even if non-Christians attend, there usually isn't an urgency to reach them with the Gospel.

However, I think there's still a definite need for tradition church (or at least a similar setting) where believers can go and learn more about God and His Word. Jesus, Paul, and other apostles all preached within the synagogues much like today's pastor does in church. I personally think it's needed to recharge, receive encouragement, and to learn more about our faith so we have a strong foundation to stand upon when we are attacked or are facing tough questions in our lives.
Spread the word of god as Jesus did and as his disciples and there disciples 

I like the idea of removing the headings. Sometimes we take the headings as scripture, or we let a heading's bias influence how we interpret a passage. Of course, the headings are useful, but it's important to read plain text and then see what you conclude. I know the people who came up with the headings are intelligent people, but it's often good to read the Bible without someone else's commentary
Well said!!
Too bad this article didn't have a link to where one could purchase such a Bible!

I have a similar one already, called "The Books of the Bible" (http://www.biblica.com/bible/resources/the-books-of-the-bible/), it removes all the section headings, notes, verse numbers, and I think it also removed chapter numbers but I can't find my copy just now to check. Mine is just a New Testament, but it's a cool way to read.

I've been wondering this for some time. Protestants reject the authority of the Catholic Church. Fair enough, but why only partially accept it then?  Protestants still accept the Trinity very firmly (for the purposes of this discussion, let's ignore the non-mainstream sects like Mormon, Jehovah's Witness, etc). It's a non-negotiable for Protestants even though the Trinity is just another Catholic doctrine like confession. It has some minor scriptural basis, but nothing concrete and the Catholics have scriptural basis too. 

For that matter, why accept the Biblical canon?  Most Protestants I've talked to consider the canon as absolute. Well, Martin Luther certainly didn't. And since Protestants don't have priesthood authority, there's nothing to make Luther's decision more valid than yours, so why accept the canon at face value?  

Note that this is not an attack on your faith but a genuine question. 
For me, I can't speak on what others believe or why, I don't think the Catholic church became corrupt right away. I think it took time to devolve into corruption. 

The trinity and the cannon are both very early doctrines of Christianity; sort of before the catholic church gained the capital C and became an institution. The trinity has pretty solid Biblical backing. The cannon was established based on the books and letters the churches were using and already esteemed as powerful, with a few in dispute (which was what Martin Luther disputed. He largely accepted the cannon, there were just a few books he didn't accept). There's a quote, I can't remember who by, that says "The books didn't become powerful because they became part of the cannon, they became part of the cannon because they were already known to be powerful."

Protestants don't reject everything held to by Roman Catholics. Protestantism is a result of the Reformation, and Reformation means a return to the fundamentals (of the early church and of Christ and his ministry). The trinity and the power of the books that later became cannon were both fundamentals of early (pre-Catholic church) Christianity. 

Hopefully that all made sense, it might be a little scattered. 
Protestants don't reject tradition in its entirety (apart from more radical groups). They reject the idea that it can be ranked alongside scripture. The wisdom of the past is very unhelpful in understanding and applying the Bible. Luther an Calvin saw the creeds as very helpful expressions of essential doctrine and used them as a framework for teaching the faith. The Apostles Creed in particular still gets substantial use today.

The Trinity is well supported in scripture so Protestant systematic theologies would discuss the scriptural support for what is expressed in the creeds about the Trinity and the scriptural evidence against the heresies that the creeds were written to deal with.

One of the major evangelical doctrinal books on Christology at the moment is Stephen Wellums's 'God the Son Incarnate.' It's written by a baptist so it radically departs from the RCC more than many other Protestants but is very strong on the scriptural evidence for the Trinity and very supportive of the creeds.
I'm Pentecostal and we don't believe in the trinity--and we're considered a protestant denomination, not a sect.

We believe the Father, Son and Holy Ghost are manifestations of God (and that the manifestations can be and are simultaneous as well, meaning we're not modalists). Most "trinitarians" I've spoken to believe the same thing, with the exception of Catholics and other groups who literally believe there are three gods who are one methaphorically speaking. Why they use the word trinitarian when they're not actually trinitarian confuses me, though.
It is a good question!

First, I would answer that the Council of Nicea was NOT a product of the Catholic Church! The RCC didn't really exist at that point because there was no Roman primacy, and so no Pope. That means that neither the Trinity, the canon, nor the Nicene Creed belogn to the Catholic Church. Additionally, the Eastern Orthodox Church claims about as well as the RCC to be the "original church", and also claims "ownership" over these elements. 

The Reformation was not a rejection of historical Christianity, but a rejection of (perceived) perversions of historical Christianity by the Renaissance Catholic Church. In many ways, Protestants claim that it was the Catholic Church that abandoned Nicea, and that they are reclaiming it. 

Does that make sense?
The biggest issue I have with this is that in the Bible itself (Timothy 2:2) it talks about taking what you have been taught and entrusting it to faithful men who will teach others, which makes me question Sola Scriptura. It seems to me that even at the time the books of the Bible were written (and from my understanding going all the way back throughout Jewish tradition prior to that), there was a lot of oral teaching/tradition which may or may not all be included in the books of the Bible. After all, in John it says "Jesus did many other things as well. If every one of them were written down, I suppose that even the whole world would not have room for the books that would be written." How can we be certain that Jesus didn't intend some teachings to be passed on by the faithful teachers of the church, even if every single thing was not written down at the time? We have been promised that evil will not prevail and God will protect his church from being destroyed, so is it not likely that this also includes church teachings? 

I know this might seem a tad off topic but I have a similar question as OP. Are Protestants really going back to the fundamentals that the early church followed? Sola Scriptura is a pretty important belief of most Protestants, and yet (to me, anyway) that belief seems to be questionable. 

I'm not Catholic (yet...though I am considering being confirmed) and was raised a Sola Scriptura, somewhat anti-Catholic Protestant...but as I got older and had space to think more about these things without the pressure to conform to my family's beliefs, I've inched closer and closer to Catholicism and I have a lot of questions about this sort of thing. I'd love to hear other perspectives as I want to be really sure of my decision if I do, in fact, get confirmed in the Catholic Church. 


The primacy of the Church of Rome was well established by the time of the Council of Nicea.  As early as the year 110, Patriarch Ignatius of Antioch (which had a regional primacy of its own in the east) referred to Rome as the "presiding church".  Later that century, Saint Irenaeus of Lyons stated that it was necessary for all churches to agree with the Church of Rome, on account of its preeminent authority.  In the following century, Saint Cyprian of Carthage called the Church of Rome the "chief church", the "throne of Peter", and the source of priestly unity.  This is all carefully documented by Father Adrian Fortescue:

https://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=iau.31858047945971

Moreover, at the Council of Nicea, the papal legate, Bishop Hosius of Cordova presided over the council, and, according to Athanasius, introduced the creed that was adopted.  As documented by Bishop Charles Hefele (beginning on page 27):

https://books.google.com/books?id=njdGAAAAYAAJ&printsec=frontcover&dq=inauthor:%22Karl+Joseph+von+Hefele%22&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjvsKKk4J_TAhVfHGMKHaz8DtcQ6AEIHzAB#v=onepage&q&f=false

And this issue even came up at the Council of Chalcedon in 451 AD.  After the discussion, the Emperor's representatives declared, "From what has been done and brought forward on each side, we perceive that the primacy of all (πρὸ πάντων τὰ πρωτεῖα) and the chief honour (τὴν ἐξαίρετον τιμὴν) according to the canons, is to be kept for the most God-beloved archbishop of Old Rome."

http://www.newadvent.org/fathers/3811.htm 
Here are my thoughts on it, bear in my mind, I'm not a pastor or academic Theologian or anything, just a layperson. 

A few times Jesus is said to have chastise the pharisees for their following of Jewish traditions over the Scriptures. Also, the prophets themselves were forbidden from adding anything to their prophecies other than what God has decreed, why would Popes now be able to add to it? It seems like circular reasoning, but the Scriptures show how important and how infallible the Scriptures are. I still hold to tradition, but I view "traditions" to mean other than you might mean it. I look at the traiditonal way the church has interpreted passages, the traditional doctrines that the early church pulled from the scriptures and were able to Scripturally defend (for example: the trinity, Jesus as fully God and fully man, and even Solo Scriptura, since most of the early church believed that as well, as well as the traditional teachings on heresies and false teachings). That's also what I think it means by entrust teachers: entrust the gospel and scripture message to those who are adequately equipped to teach on it, not adding anything to it, but expounding on its message. 

That timothy verse is Paul saying, basically, "Share what I've told you." To me, that means: Share and teach this letter and my other ones. Basically: entrust the scriptures to men who are able to understand and teach them. Its not him saying to appoint people who have the authority to add to the revelation of God. The tradition following I see in the scriptures points to following what the Apostles said and taught because they were divinely set up as authoritative. Now that the Apostles are dead, the way we follow what they taught is through their writings and the records of their teachings: the Scriptures. I do not think that anyone is saying everything they ever taught is in the scriptures, only the things the Holy Spirit deemed necessary to preserve for the faith of the church. 

There is a difference between authoritative and infallible. What the apostles gave as rules or traditions (in places like 1 Cor. 11:2 where we are told to 'hold to the traditions') were authoritative, they had weight and should have been obeyed because they came from the apostles, but they were not infallible. They were not God inspired and preserved. Just like Moses probable had many things that he instructed the Israelites of which we have no mention of because God did not deem it necessary for us to know. 

In regards to God protecting the teachings of the church: I think He did that, through the Reformation. But maybe you think He wouldn't have let it get to a point where a Reformation is necessary. So, look at the Israelites as an example. God promised to protect and keep them. That didn't always look pretty for them. They were attacked and enslaved so many times, because they strayed from God. Now, if God is going to keep and protect them, shouldn't he ensure they never stray so they never get punished? That leads to an entirely different free will and depravity discussion. 

Its my belief that God allows free will and allowed the fallibility of Catholic popes to be led astray (Paul even warns of false teachers prowling like wolves. Its unnecessary to be warned if God makes it so that's never a problem and the church will never be influenced by it) by the devil. The way God intervened to protect His church from being destroyed is through the Reformation. Much like He sent saviors when the Israelites were held captive due to their sin and straying from His teachings, He sent the Reformers when His church was held captive by greed and power-hungry popes. 
What you're saying is interesting, because I was just reading a Catholic book about the history of Catholicism and it said essentially the same thing, that the reformation helped the church get back to a better state...only they believe that some groups breaking away shocked the Catholic Church into getting itself right again. 

I've been meeting with a nun from my local parish every week to ask these types of questions (to hear Catholic teachings from someone who is actually Catholic and really educated on Catholic teaching) and she has told me on several occasions that we cannot add to revealed truth, we can only expand our understanding of it. So from the Catholic perspective they aren't really adding something new, just refining our interpretation and understanding of things. From my understanding, the church is also concerned with making sure that none of their teachings contradict scripture, and thus they don't see it as adding anything new. Do you have anything particular in mind when you talk about not adding to scripture? 
>only they believe that some groups breaking away shocked the Catholic Church into getting itself right again

To be honest, that could very well be the case. I really do not know much about the current doctrines of Catholicism. I'm a huge history nerd and since I'm a Christian I'm a huge Church history nerd, so that tends to be where my focus is. Probably not a good thing, but it is what it is. 

In terms of adding to Scripture, off the top of my mind there are a few things that I know Catholicism has advocated for in the past, but I'm not sure if they still do: Transubstantiation, Purgatory, Justification being a process, the almost deification of Mary, the idea that the Pope can make judgements on current affairs that the scriptures make no reference to and they are treated as, kind of, infallible, praying to saints. 

I do not know as much about Catholicism as I should. I've been meaning to learn more about it for a while, but I got distracted with other stuff. The things I do learn make it seem that salvation is works-based over Christ based. That's my major problem with it and I'm sure more study will abate that problem. I do not see myself ever becoming a Catholic, but I'm definitely WAY more accepting of it now than I was when I was young and arrogant (which mirrors my attitude toward Calvinism as well). 
Honestly I had the same arguments as you before, and then I started attending mass and learning about Catholicism from actual Catholics who take their faith very seriously and most of my arguments against it turned out to be myths. A couple of examples:

Praying to saints. I always interpreted this as being a bit too close to making saints equal to God or something. In reality the church teaches that all believers, those on earth and those already in heaven with God, are connected as a single body of believers. "Praying to saints" is actually asking fellow believers who have already "fallen asleep" to intercede for us. The idea is that their faith was strong in life and they are now in the presence of God, which makes their prayers that much more effective. 

Also, not everything the Pope says is meant to be treated as infallible. Only things he says "ex cathedra," or in a deliberately formal setting in which he makes a pronouncement on faith and morality. Interestingly, as far as I know this has only actually happened twice in history. When he comments on current events or something, or even writes a book on matters of faith, it doesn't mean we need to take it as infallible. People who believe everything the pope says is infallible are mistaken and the church does not actually teach this. 

As far as being works-based, what is it that gives you that impression? I also had that feeling before, but I've attended mass at a Catholic parish regularly for over a year and have not really experienced this. 


I know I sound like some kind of Catholic apologist but that's not exactly my intention since I myself haven't really made a decision about it. I have, however, really cared from a young age about church unity and I think it's quite obviously something that could be improved...so I do hope that both sides can learn about each other and find more of a mutual respect that doesn't always exist. 
Your testimony is important. Someone out there might need to hear your story, as it may be close to theirs...but I have a hard time opening up to people about the raw details of what truly happened with my own testimony, and I also do not want to end up just telling some kind of sob story. Do you pick and choose what part of your testimony you tell to certain people, or do you just let the whole thing out if someone asks? I'd love to hear yalls opinions on this. 
I use the parts that are relevant to how that person is responding/where they're at in life/etc... Just kinda pray about it and see where the Lord leads as the conversation is moving along....
Yes learned this only after being saved for 8 years or so.  If it has some unseemly parts (molestation, demonic possession,  and other stuff that people don't like to talk about) be vague and emphasis the outcome an comfort Christ gives and assurance of eternal life and heaven. Far above the past. At least that's what I would do. Hope that helps
Yeah, its a matter of discernment and the leading of The Spirit at the time. You don't want to dump allot, but the flip side is that fear and shame can make us water down our own testimony at times. I also get to know people before I say much, which leads on to what to talk about. 
Yeah totally ask the Spirit to guide the conversation... try and be at one with the Spirit, first thing in the morning and all throughout the day, and by being synced in like that I think is the key to God using you to maximum effectiveness in conversation. 

When I get 'out of sync' with the Spirit I start thinking 'strategy' - as if sharing the message is just another thing on my 'to do' list... and it pretty much always ends up fruitless. I think the key (and it's probably the key to life) is endeavour to be close to the Spirit in all your waking moments, then His leadings are way more obvious, in what to say, and the demenour we emanate when we are around people... I think the more in sync with the Spirit we are, the more someone else will see that and the more likely they are to be influenced by what God says through us. There's a guy i'm thinking of, he's a speaker, think he has dreadlocks, and he goes around on his speaking tour, and everywhere he goes, he has random interaction with people, and he films some of them.. can't think of his name but anyway, this guy is so obviously full of the Holy Spirit, people sense that...

So I reckon number one tip is be as close to God as you can be 

First time using this site. I don't know how this works but I wanted to see if anyone was out there. I have been battling severe depression for a long long while now, I try not to show it at work, which is a desk job, by myself, or around my SO at home...I think about suicide often. I don't want to. But I get so low and it just hurts so much. I have no friends or happy life. I just want to go to the promised paradise. I want to be with God. 
Why are you depressed my friend? Is it because of particular sins you are worried about?
In 2 Corinthians 10:5 we are told to take every thought captive to obey Christ. Taking thoughts captive means intercepting, identifying that what we are feeling is not honoring to God, and actively changing our thoughts to God-honoring things.

For suggestions of things to think about instead:


Finally, brothers, whatever is true, …honorable, …just, …pure,
…lovely, …commendable, if there is any excellence,
…anything worthy of praise, think about these things.
– Philippians 4:8

I'd suggest you also pray and ask the Lord to lead you not into temptation! Confess your thoughts are troubling but you will do the work of taking them captive and need his help and power for victory. He will delight in helping you!

Remember that our emotions and thoughts are of our sinful bodies and nature, in a sinful world. We must not trust them, but instead lean on our knowledge of Truth through Christ, and his work of love for us.

Bless you!
I will definitely pray for you! 
grab some exercise bro... I was the lowest i've been for months yesterday, thought there was no escape... then I got up early and hit a swim and the gym before work, and got a sweet short haircut after work... feeling pretty pumped now!

Oh and buy yourself a cool new hoodie too! Lol

Just makes life seem a bit brighter, exercise purges you of built up crap, more in the mood for prayer and studying the word!

By the way don't kill yourself you'll be needed shortly to help spread the word about Jesus - check out endtime.com - I believe we are fairly close to Jesus' second coming
Welcome here! Depression is no different then treating a broken arm, in that both often require professional treatment. 1st, get connected to a local church, and develop relationships with people that you can lean on during this tough time. 2nd pursue selfless acts, whether volunteering at the local church or local soup kitchen. Focus on things that immediately help others instead of yourself. And finally seek professional help from someone who can help you really battle with this depression.

So to summarize, grow the community your apart of, find trusting people that can encourage you and that you can confide in, pursue selfless acts, and find professional help to combat this issue. And above else, lean on Jesus.

Most of us here can't do much here but pray for you, but faith is dead unless there's action. Take those steps I've shared and daily or weekly take steps to accomplish them. Lastly, most of us here aren't professionals in this area. We can only really say what's worked for us. Anyway, best of luck m8.
Acts 20:35 tells us that we should support the weak and it is better to give than receive . The Bible tells us also we are to give something in order to get something. 
This is true of the tithe, we give our first fruits up to the lord and receive the blessing to multiply our own fruits. 

The Bible also tells us to comfort one another. Perhaps if you help someone els who is depressed you will be healed of your own depression?  

I haven't had a chance to read this 3rd article of yours yet, but I recommend slowing down. Releasing an article every two days is a hectic pace when it isn't your job, and isn't sustainable. Write your articles and then Wordpress will allow you to set when they post, so that you can be more regular with your updates. It'll let you do lots of writing when the mood strikes, and take the break when you need it because you're already ahead.
That's very good advice. You are correct that there is no way I could consistently post this often. Thanks. 
I think, in honor of the 500th anniversary of Martin Luther posting the 95 thesis in 1517. We should try as a community to have the Luther Rose have it's own spot on /r place! What do you all think?

I love these videos 
I don't quite know what to say. Long story short, after 18 years of following Jesus and learning about a wonderful God, my entire faith came crashing down. I grew up in a family that served God relentlessly and taught me to do the same and I never questioned it. I always believed. 

My fiancée and I wanted to do more searching and making our faith our own. We started out with mild doubts, and after finding no evidence for a creator, and a whole load of inconsistencies in the bible, we both ended up dropping our faith entirely. Don't get me wrong, we wanted to believe more than anything, and we tried so hard. But knowing what I know now, I can no longer look at Christianity the same way. 

I guess my main question would be, have any of you gone through this and came back to the faith? Any advice or encouragement would be greatly appreciated. 
This may sound rude, but it honestly seems to me that you didn't do enough research. You were perhaps looking for reasons to not believe (maybe to remove guilty feelings about something? As someone with a fiancé myself, I know how much I'd prefer there to be no God telling me pre-marital sex isn't ok. All presumption on my end and could be blatantly off base, but often times doubts arise from something like that) so once you found a couple of them you latched on. I also won't just tell you to have faith, because that doesn't seem to be working for you. What I will tell you to do is read. A lot. And watch Youtube videos of debates so you get a fair representation of both sides and not just one. 

>after finding no evidence for a creator

This is perhaps the biggest red flag that you didn't research enough. There is evidence. A lot of it. You may find, in the end, that to you the evidence against there being a creator is more compelling than evidence of their being one, but to say there is absolutely no evidence is the height of close-minded arrogance. Some of the most brilliant minds in history were creationist and have written extensively on it. There are some incredibly intelligent Christian apologists writing and speaking some profound proofs. William Lane Craig, Ravi Zacharias, and Norman Geisler and the current (still active) apologists I'd recommend watching debates of and reading from. As well as many deceased theologians: C.S. Lewis, Francis Schaeffer, Thomas Kempis, John Owen, Kierkegaard, Berkhof, AW Tozer just to name a few. 

The fact that you say you've found no evidence for a creator and many inconsistencies in the Bible, honestly, makes me think you just haven't pursued the question enough. Those are the two biggest things people have been writing and talking about since the advent of Christianity (with the exception of the Problem of Evil probably being more widely discussed). There are countless volumes on evidence for Christianity. There's countless explanations of Biblical inconsistencies. Dig deeper.  
Yeah I'm sort of going through the same thing presently. Grew up in the church, my dad has a Master's of Divinity. I've taken many-a- Bible class. I've become more and more disenchanted as time has gone on. Hoping to come back around though
You know what, the biggest evidence that God exists is that NOT ONE person can disprove he exists.(hopefully I sayed that right)
Intellectual honesty dude.
No just god can punish you for that.

-Fellow atheist 
> We started out with mild doubts, and after finding no evidence for a creator, and a whole load of inconsistencies in the bible, we both ended up dropping our faith entirely.

If you did not know that Christian faith is based on faith, it shows you are not honest.

There is evidence to the Creator God - complexity of this world, starting point, answered prayers, fulfilled prophecies from the Bible, good teachings of Jesus' working to good.

>  have any of you gone through this and came back to the faith?

In any case you are honest, i did seek Christian answers on these so-called inconsistencies in the Bible and prayed to God for guidance in Jesus' name and following His commandments in practice, asking repeatedly until He did answer. But first repenting of sins, as that's what people did when coming to God, then He came to them through His son Jesus Christ.
Read up on Satanism it's way more fun 
I'm very interested in the answers you'll get. I'll keep checking back. 

As a new atheist I've wondered if I can go back and just choose to be happy in christianity, but it's too hard to read a book you feel is lies. Listening to someone preach something they believe with their whole heart but you don't is frustrating and unfufilling. I don't see myself going back to the way it was. I can't turn off knowledge.
> a whole load of inconsistencies in the bible, we both ended up dropping our faith entirely

[Pay close attention...](https://youtu.be/hH5y71hOvk0?t=50s)

Who says [God is a book?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm-WI0sBou4)

Jesus says [God is a living spirit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJjIgvNa6GY)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWfTv-fmhhs
The lord's love has been sent your way. It might not take the form you'd expect
I have gone through so much doubt in my past, and expect to face more in my future. Sometimes I don't want to look to God and ask for help when I don't feel like I have faith, so I suggest you watch this video from NT Wright. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnkNKIJ_dnw

But in the end, belief in God and the sacrifice He made to reconcile humanity back to Himself is a step of faith, no matter how much evidence there is or isn't. 

Also, remember that the Bible is God breathed, but written by man's hand. It is infallible, but you must read it as it was meant to communicate with the audience it was written for that lived over 2000 years ago! Message me if you'd like to discuss your doubts about the inconsistencies you found because I'd love to know what had you confused!

As for evidence of God, I think it is undeniable that we were created in the image of a divine being. Look at the universe and it's vastness expanse. No matter or particulate could have come into existence without a cause, because something does not come from nothing. Furthermore, we desire to create because God desires to create. There are so many places in our desires and lives that screams that we were created for something more and in the image of our creator.
Thank you! It's encouraging to find someone that has done a lot of research and digging and has found a reason to believe. 

The process of analyzing the bible and reading countless books, watching debates, etc has been almost a year now. Some days it was honestly all I did. To begin with, I had the opposite bias actually. I dug for any reason to believe the bible and Christianity. I trusted completely unreliable sources because I wanted to have a reason to believe. I latched onto that for months because I was so scared that I'd find something that made me not believe. 

I realized that there is "evidence" to support whatever you want to believe. What you look for you will find. So for now, I stopped trusting sources I was unsure of, and only take into consideration facts. I feel that I am as close to unbiased as a person can be. I just want to know what's true. 

I really appreciate the time you took to answer, and I really do find it encouraging. I have loads of respect for you, because I know believing can be difficult in my experience. I'm not at all trying to argue between any piece of evidence and I will continue to take your advice and dig deeper. 
I totally understand that sentiment, and at one point in my journey that would have been encouraging, but I guess I just need a better answer than that now. 

I'm not trying to be argumentative at all, but you could say that about just about anything. If you come across a closed door, and someone claims that there's a unicorn on the other side, you probably wouldn't believe them just because "you can't prove that there's not a unicorn on the other side."

I truly am glad that you're encouraged by that, but I just thought I'd share my thoughts.
That's such a weak argument. You can't go around saying things exist or probably exist because no one has definitively proved they don't.
No hostility, just an honest question: why do you come to this subreddit? Since I'm a Christian I wouldn't go to r/atheism because I know its not my community and not for me. (I'm not saying that I don't want you here or you should leave or anything like that, so I apologize if it came off that way. It just seems that you have a completely different line of thinking to me in regards to this and I like to understand why people think the way they do, especially if its different than how I think.) 
Trouble is Gods laws/covenants cannot be broken. No matter how much he would want to they can't be broken.



>  it's too hard to read a book you feel is lies. 

Pay close attention:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ijXIJRMhKE

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJjIgvNa6GY
That was a very respectful answer, thank you for not taking my comment to be rude when it easily could be interpreted that way. 

The reason I assumed your bias against wanting to believe is because of this article, which in my experience, contains a lot of truth: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/christandpopculture/2013/04/who-are-you-sleeping-with-my-conversation-with-timothy-keller/ 

In your research just remember that science is not the enemy of Christianity. I recently read a book called The Fortunate Universe. Its two cosmologists and physicists (one a Christian, one an atheist) examining the idea of a finely tuned universe for life. It was super fascinating and at the end, Luke Barnes, the Christian, said that Naturalism is the enemy of Christianity, not science. Christianity doesn't really explain the way the word works, it explains why but not how. Many people get that wrong and think they can't love science and God. I would advise just making sure you pay attention to that bias. Don't find yourself choosing between science and religion, see if there's a way to make science fit into the religion. If there isn't, it'll at least be a fun thought experiment. 

For me, whenever I have doubts, I don't go to science. Its almost impossible to prove beyond any shadow of a doubt that a creator either does or does not exist. There's arguments seem to me at least to be fruitless. When I have doubts I study history. I study the historicity of Jesus and the resurrection. That's where Christianity lives and dies, so that's what I go to. 
Don't forget the simple reality. If you want to know about someone you can always people who know them but if you really want to know them then talk to them directly.

I'm an atheist and I'm a member of this sub. It provides insight to what I thought before I couldn't believe anymore. For me, reading the Bible put me over the edge. Lots of contradictions and inconsistencies. I felt so much better after I no longer believed. No fear of death, no mote intellectual excuses to keep the faith.  It'll take a little bit to erase habits you used to have, like praying, feeling that you will be punished, etc. 
The majority of this sub are actually very agreeable. I've found in many areas their political and social ideas are somewhat aligned with r/atheism. 

I've seen popular posts on here
-Defending separation of church and state.
-Defending the FFRF.
-Against imposition of Christianity in law.
-Against religious discrimination of other groups.
-Agreeing that those with different sexual orientations should still be treated as equal people.

Given all this, it means I actually enjoy some aspects of this sub, and it still leaves room for civil and enjoyable philosophical debate and discussion.
Elaborate? 
That sounds like a really interesting book and I definitely agree that science shouldn't be the enemy of Christianity! 
Thanks again for the thoughts. 
I'm thinking if you lost a fear of death after leaving Christianity then you were doing Christianity wrong, but that's just my opinion. 
> No fear of death, no mote intellectual excuses to keep the faith. It'll take a little bit to erase habits you used to have, like praying, feeling that you will be punished, etc.

Don't take offense but if you once were a Christian and now are not. Well, you still are. You are really just not understanding Grace. 

when you talk about feeling like you will be punished and things like that it is a clear indication you're missing the concept of grace. How can you be punished when you're completely unworthy in the first place yet freely given the gift of salvation. You can't earn it. Nothing you do can gain it for you. It is a gift and it is enabled by grace.
Makes sense, thanks for the response
One last piece of advice and then I swear I'll leave you alone: read through the Bible, or at least the books that you find inconsistencies, with a commentary if you haven't already. There are excellent ones out there and they can point out historical or social contexts that you didn't know about or just point something out that you overlooked that makes the inconsistency go away or makes it not as much of a problem. 

Ok, I'll be done now. Sorry if it seems like I'm trying to fix you or something. I just want to make sure you've done a thorough enough job before making a conclusion. As I'm sure you know, this is a huge question that is worthy of serious study
The thing that always made me feel uneasy about the everlasting life thing was that it never meant logical sense. I was supposed to take it on faith that I'll live forever but when the idea of God just got to the point that it doesn't add up, I was fearful of what I believed. For instance, if everything happens for a reason, what is the point of the thousands upon thousands of people dying of starvation in Africa. Are those deaths supposed to cause me to slightly change my behavior and now their deaths are justified. There is no reason for senseless death, pain, and suffering. Saying everything happens for a reason is a method to make people feel better when things suck. It's silly. 
See I have some problems with this.

>How can you be punished when you're completely unworthy in the first place yet freely given the gift of salvation. 

Why are we unworthy in the first place? Original sin? How are people today responsible for that? That's entirely devoid of moral accountability. 

>You can't earn it. Nothing you do can gain it for you. It is a gift and it is enabled by grace.

Semantics- aka it's earned through grace.

Additionally, I don't like this beating around the bush of punishment vs reward... that's exactly what it is. And to try and circumvent that by arguing "it's not punishment if we don't deserve heaven" is synonymous with "we all deserve hell in the first place anyways... so it's not punishment."

Really? How do I deserve hell from the moment I'm born? Original sin? We've already been over this... 
So being punished is a legitimate concern, as in if I do not do all that God asks or has specified, I will burn in hell.  Now there is no hell, therefore I won't burn there. If you read through the Bible in its entirety there is a plethora of things that contemporary Christians do not follow. To me, the lack of clarity in the Bible is a huge flag. If it was divinely inspired wouldn't it be specific. Especially if the guy who was establishing the rules told me I will burn if I don't follow them.  
I agree. Saying everything happens for a reason is silly. 

I'm not going to get into a discussion on it here, but the problem of evil and suffering is most likely the most discussed issue about not only Christianity, but any form of Theism. Its been discussed since the time of Job in the Old Testament. Answers to everything you just brought up are plentiful and varied. The greatest thinkers of mankind have written about the issue. Answers to it can fill volumes and volumes I'd suggest looking into them. 
Yes original sin. Have you ever known a family where all the men die young? I have. They all had some genetic heart condition and would typically die before 55. Their morality would make no difference. Original sin is inherited by all of humanity. Were they being punished? Certainly not. Was it like a punishment? That could be argued.

Grace by definition is the free and unmerited favor of God. Nowhere in the bible will you find it is earned. Quite the opposite with lots of exposition on how it can't be earned.

On deserving Heaven or Hell. One can change their inheritance. Imagine a doctor came to that family I mentioned and said, "I have a simple procedure that can correct your genetic cardiac disorder and allow you to live a normal lifespan and I will do it for free." They could say "no thanks." If they say know and die young is it because they deserved it. Or if they opt for the procedure have they then earned the privelage of living longer than their genetics would otherwise allow?
Your not judged by rule following. You are judged by the perfection of Jesus and the fact that he paid the penalty for us. 
Please get straight to the point:
Do we all deserve hell at birth because of original sin or not?
I get the sense you did not read my responses...  If your alive then you inherited the original sin. So yes. The question is do you want the salvation (solution) that is freely given. If you don't want it then your not forced to take it. But then you still have what you inherited. 
>If your alive then you inherited the original sin. 

I inherited my genes. That's about it. 
If human nature is somehow evidence of original sin (which it really isn't) then that's god given.
Why am I responsible for that? 
Why did god create a universe where the default is hell? 

Why did god author us with a certain nature... and then demand we behave opposite to that biological nature?

In essence: we were created sick, and then demand to be well (Hitchens)

None of this makes any moral sense.
If all we inherit is our genes then how would you explain prisons filled with rather evil people?

God did not create hell as a default. God created perfection and gave the humans who were to inhabit it volition (free will) 

God also not choose for humankind to deviate from perfection. 

There is a short book that explains everything here better than I ever could. "More than a carpenter."

It is what it is. You can believe it or not. Volition, it's your choice.


>If all we inherit is our genes then how would you explain prisons filled with rather evil people?

Different genes influence our brain chemistry (our personality) in different ways- as does the way we were raised, the environment we were raised in, etc...
Tbh, that wasn't very difficult to explain. 

>God did not create hell as a default. God created perfection and gave the humans who were to inhabit it volition (free will) 

>God also not choose for humankind to deviate from perfection. 

Free will doesn't exist. The causality of physics explicitly does not allow for free will. 
Because of how deterministic/quasi-deterministic our universe is, "god" must have not only known how things turned out, but authored it (you know, assuming he's the one that created the laws of physics and the universe... :P)

This point on the causality of physics pretty much undermines everything you got here.

Oh, and no, this is not "just a theory"; this is real. Allow me to amend your earlier statement: You can accept it or deny it. 

> Free will doesn't exist. 

LOL .. seriously 

Why don't you go ask 100 physicist if they believe that humans have free will?

You're just blathering.
Yep. They all say we don't have free will. 

You know- because of the causality of physics? 
Open a book sometime :|
So how do they explain a man who brutally rapes an infant because his mother refused to have sex with him. (true story) Just causality of physics right? Scientist can't explain much without including theory. 
Wtf? 0-o

What phenomena would you like explained?
Yea I'm just gonna block you now. This has devolved into something silly. 
Because you disagree with me? 
gl in life bruh 
No, cause your a troll. 
Dude if someone does something really messed up, like the example you have... what? Is that supposed to "prove" free will?

A carpenter spends most days, pretty much alone, at a shop or in a garage, busy, making hundreds of custom pieces of wood for a project. We don't get sick, can't afford too, and don't have health insurance, You couldn't afford us, if we did. We have sawdust running through our veins, and exhale sawdust from from table saws, planners, jointers and sanders. We have tiny pieces of wood in our fingers and hands that are part of our body's. We often cut prices, to get a gig, because someone has quoted less, or, the house-notes due or a tuition, or emergency has happened. We drive crappy trucks because affordable, and drink beer around 5 to reflect on what got done, and what needs to be accomplished. We try not to draw until the end of the job, to pay as many bills as possible. And know... if you payed one of us a lot... I'm completely broke within 48 hours because of new bills, and the materials purchased for your home. Carpenters, can't hide money, I Know! Hopefully Ive started the next job, and doing it all over again the very next day. We try to make Your home enjoyable for a lifetime, but the pay was just someone else's money. And consider, when you want it for less, Are you OK, with your husband or wife receiving less, for Your family... The One thing that Me and No other Carpenter can do, is What CHRIST DID, with 2 pieces of Wood, and 3 Nails... HE Built a Bridge to GOD!!! Thank You FATHER for the work that You bless  me with! And Thank You Customer and Friend, I appreciate and need the Work Everyday! 
Right on! And another thing:
As the son of a carpenter who was son of a carpenter, I spend time with my dad to learn the trade and help him out. This analogy fits right in with Jesus and our relationship with him.
He so I'm 16. When i pray to god i normally use this:
Our Father in heaven,
Hallowed be Your name.

Your kingdom come.
Your will be done
On earth as it is in heaven.

Give us this day our daily bread.

And forgive us our debts,
As we forgive our debtors.

And do not lead us into temptation,
But deliver us from the evil one.
For Yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen.
=========================================
I have some questions. (it might be silly questions but I forgot to ask in school :D)
1. Will god ever talk to me ( like a voice in my head) Like in the Bible?
2. How can i strengthen my connection to God? ( I know that I can pray every night, but I want to get that feeling of joy flowing through your body. I've heard that some get that after praying. ofc. i feel happy after I pray, but I dont get that rush of joy)
3. Can I meditate when I'm Christian?
First of all the Lords Prayer is beautiful and I say it everyday! You need to establish a relationship with God, talk to him like he is your friend, read the Bible, seek out answers from other christian friends, listen to music that makes you think about Jesus and fills you with hope, faith and emotion :)

Yes you can meditate but Christian meditation is very different to Buddhist meditation. You can get an app for daily bible verses on your phone, read it, sit back and relax and really think about what it means and what God is telling you through it.

God speaks in many ways; through feelings and emotions, through friends, through Bible study etc and you will feel or hear his presence. Be patient, he is answering you all the time you arr just hoping to hear it rather than maybe see or feel it!

May God bless you on your journey, I will pray for you :)
Wow thanks :) I started reading the Bible last night and it's really good
The Lord's prayer is fine and good, but it's important to view it in it's proper context. When Jesus presented the Lord's prayer to the disciples, it was in order to teach them *how* to pray. It was a sort of template, showing the disciples what they should be desiring in their hearts and seeking God's will for. It was not, however, an incantation given to the disciples. It wasn't Jesus telling them to simply mindlessly say these exact words over and over again to get results out of me. If you're praying the Lord's prayer just for the heck of praying it, you're missing the point. The point of prayer is to align our hearts with God's will. To revere His holiness, to ask for His Kingdom to spread and His will to be achieved, to ask for Him to provide for our needs, to ask for forgiveness, to ask for the ability for us to forgive others, and to ask for salvation and sanctification.


Thank you for this! It seems pretty good so far 🙂👍
     I am homeschooled. Always have been, and always will be as far as I'm concerned. (Well, I'll probably go to a film college, but that's not important right now.) I've been raised a Christian my entire life, I've heard the Bible stories, seen all the Veggie Tales, and all that stuff.
     Well, I guess I've kinda looked at it as history more than any kind of real religion or relationship with God. Recently, my family and I moved to a different town (only like 45min away) to help launch a new campus of a church we just transferred to. My sister and I started going to the youth group, I've been doing lights/media (sometimes simultaneously,) and all that stuff.
     After a couple of weeks, I was really hit by the church (mostly the youth group) and how much they seemed to reach out to me. Now, I've been much more pumped about God, perhaps more than ever.

     In the past year, I think I've learned more then I have in my entire life, and my life has definitely changed for the better, and for God.
From personal experience I've found that church youth groups are great places for young people to develop a personal relationship with God and get really good support from others. It's great that your passion for God has grown because of this :D

Plus - brownie points on watching veggie tales , that stuff was the bomb.
That's great! Thanks for sharing your story!
Hello, Im 21 yrs old and I, as well as my girlfriend, am a Christian. My girlfriend has been a Christian her whole life (her dad has been a Pastor for the past 17 years) and she grew knowing all about faith and God. I come from a Catholic family but never really had a connection with God, neither knew much about him, or his word. I gave my life to Jesus about 2.5 years ago, and I completly change my lifestyle. I started dating her close to two years ago, since day one, we established that we would wait until marriage to have sex since (I honestly belive) its the right thing to do. Now, before becoming a Christian I never really had sex, I did everything but sex, not because of choice but more because of circumstances that always kinda prevented me( I'm honestly glad I didn't).

Now, the problem I've been facing lately is that I feel like I want more, I want to be more physical with her, more intimate, and I talked to her about it and her answer always pretty much comes down to, be patient, trust God. My problem is that I feel a physical need, for more intimacy, more physical affection and that craving has made me so frustrated for the past months, I've become a very negative, tense, easy to get angry person. I really want to marry her but I dont have the money to do that yet and in our plans we say the wedding wouldnt be in another two years or so which for me is such a long time, everytime i think about it I get sad and angry and frustrated. I really dont know what to do. 

EDIT: Thanks so much for all of your answers guys, really helped a lot, God bless
Just throwing ideas out here. Why not have a small closed chapel marriage? That way, you are married in the eyes of God but can still hold off on a public wedding until you both can afford it. 

Don't give in to sexual sin, whatever you do.
I know this sounds typical, but just trust God. It sounds like you need to stop worrying so much and marry her. You will be obeying the Bible if you choose to do so.

 “But if they cannot exercise self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to burn with passion.”
‭‭1 Corinthians‬ ‭7:9‬ ‭ESV‬‬
http://bible.com/59/1co.7.9.esvq

Note that I am also 21, had the exact same problem, and got married over a month ago on December 30th. Best decision of my life. 
If you are sure she's the one you want to marry, I agree, I don't see the point holding off. You can still go to college and pursue your career if you're married. And you can have a nice wedding on a limited budget. What matters the most is your commitment. 
This is a good question, and I applaud you for talking about it. First understand that this is not unique to you and most christians go through this in some way. I would suggest trying to show your love in other ways as much as possible. Write letters regularly etc. If the problem is a relational thing that may help.

But since the problem is rooted in the flesh, I would suggest cracking down on your disciplines.  Verbalizing "Satan get behind" me is another good step. 
Have you tried fasting? It is a good way to practice putting aside your flesh. 

I believe that God gives us trials so that we can glorify him when we let holy Spirit defeat the enemy. (We don't fight flesh and blood but evil spirits, Eph. 6.) Talk to people about what your going through, you are not alone. 

Download covenant eyes. Don't let this manifest itself in a porn addiction. (Which reminds me, if that is an issue already, that is the place to start fighting this whole deal.) 

Also exercise more. Eliminate pent up energy that may be exacerbating the problem.
My wife and I got married two weeks after engagement.
We had our close family.

We are now happy and planning a celebration with our loved ones in the summer.

Ever think about that?


Good god dude. Just have sex. You're worried about an institution that is only going to judge you no matter what. You're a fucking human. If you and the girlfriend want it, just do it already 
“Isaac brought her into the tent of his mother Sarah, and he married Rebekah. So she became his wife, and he loved her; and Isaac was comforted after his mother’s death.”
‭‭Genesis‬ ‭24:67‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/gen.24.67.niv
Also, you may need to not spend time alone with your GF anymore. Go out in public, or go to familys houses, invite friends to join you, whatever. But it's probably not a good idea for you guys to be alone in your living room or anything. 
Stop typing to strangers and marry her already. 
I live in Illinois. A marriage license in some counties of Illinois costs $35 and the highest in other counties is about $50. Why not just get a marriage license instead of spending more money on a wedding
Ill definetly propose that idea to her, Thank You


The "insulting" method made me sick to my stomach.
I totally agree, I have to question whether these men are really saved because that is not the way of Christ!
Presumably that's the point...
Where will you spend your eternity if Jesus happen to come back today. 
I would suggest reading up on the rapture. I personally, and everyone I minister with, know it to be a false doctrine that is a basis of fear. 

It doesn't matter whether we believe it or not as far as salvation goes, so I won't say anyone is going to hell by any means if they believe it, but it never made total sense to me and scared me to death even though I was saved. 

I used to jump at every car horn and think I had committed some small sin and missed the rapture. It's just not God. Now that I've let it go, my life is much more peaceful. 

To further my point, everyone is looking for Jesus to come back so they can go to heaven without dying, and losing focus on the work that needs to be done here in the world. 

There's nothing wrong with believing it, but it's only 200 years old and the scriptures just don't add up. I would look into it. 

Two men in a bed and one of them taken? Two men in a bed? That's not what that scripture means. 
Hopefully heaven, but fear of reprobation makes me think otherwise...
I need your grace oh God to keep going.. 
I need your grace oh God to keep going.. 
What is eternity ? 
Yeah, post tribulation/pre wrath seems 1000x more Biblical to me. It would be wonderful though if we could just be raptured out of all hell that's about to break loose.
You dont need to think otherwise just let God lead you while you follow....... May God strengthen you 
Yeah, I wouldn't complain, but I also think gods gonna take care of us. I don't think we are gonna have to deal with the tribulation, the way a lot of Christians believe it to be. 

I know that a great youth revival is coming and I think we will see persecution but we will see miracles like we've never seen so I'm ok with it. 
Matthew 24 ?
Is a great chapter. It speaks of things to come, but God is not in the rapture doctrine the way it's preached. Yes it says one will be taken and one left but he necessarily mean that a trumpet will sound and people will dissappear. 

The rapture doctrine is only 200 years old and every time I hear it preached, I can't feel any anointing on it, no spirit of God. That's gods way of saying, this isn't me. 

It says he will return for a church without spot or wrinkle. That isn't anytime soon. There's much to be done and too many christians, blinded by the rapture doctrine and looking forward to not dying, and instead being raptured, are focusing on the easy way out rather than all the work here that needs to be done. 
I have some friends that believe the tribulations spoken of in Matthew 24 have already happened and happened "within this generation".  Matthew 24:34.   I don't know for sure.  
But,  I did look up the spot or wrinkle and I think that's what Jesus is saying He prefer when He returns.  He isn't waiting for it.  We are in the last days and have been since it was said in the NT.  
What kind of works do you do for the kingdom?
I'm a music minister in a non-denominational ministry. 

That's just what I believe personally, but I think the lack of gods presence when it's preached is a big indicator. 

I know without a doubt that we are in the last days, but there will be another generation or two at least. There is a great youth revival coming and Gods spirit is soon to be poured out like we have never seen before. 

Believing or not believing will not alter anyone's salvation one way or another, but it does create an unnatural sense of fear and confusion in my opinion. 

I feel that Gods people need to stop looking to the future, understand that God will work all that out, and focus on fixing the church in the here and now. 


Its not God's will that any should perish. He died for us. The reason is only God can forgive sin. He died to wash our sins away.

Man would be forever lost, in the lake of fire (which was created for satan and his angels, not for man). Adam chose to not follow God's word.

God wanted to save man, so he did by dying for us. A pure person dying to make us pure by taking our sin on His body. He became man, Jesus. Jesus gave us purity and He died with our sin.

He took our unrighteousness and gave us His righteousness so we could come back to God His and our Father.

2Cor 5:21 "For he [God] hath made him [Jesus] to be sin for us, who [Jesus] knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."

The Bible Project made a video about [Heaven & Earth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zy2AQlK6C5k) that I think will help.
To be a just God He has to punish sin. The punishment is still there but was transferred to Jesus on the cross.
All inhabitants of the earth will worship the beast--all whose names have not been written in the book of life belonging to the Lamb that was slain from the creation of the world. (Revelation 13:8, NIV)

There are many interpretations of the crucifixion, you'll get a few here, but logically, it cannot be in response to man's fall, since the quote above establishes that the crucifixion preceded the fall. Which means that the sacrifice was before any sin existed. 


Thanks for your great answer.  I guess what I am struggling to understand is, if Jesus had to die so God can forgive our sin, why didn't God just forgive us?  What is it about Jesus' death that God's plan for the world had to include it?
The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. There must be a death penalty to pay for sin, hence the lamb sacrifices in the old testament. Jesus as the Lamb of God died on the cross as the Lamb sacrifice for your sins, because sin demanded death. He as the perfect sacrifice as God Himself paid the sin debt that was only needed to be done once, and the penalty was permanently paid. Therefore the only thing left is accepting His sacrifice for you so you don't have to pay the eternal price if everlasting death yourself. As God He could do this, and He proved it by rising to life the 3rd day showing His power over death, proving He also has power to give eternal life to any that accept His free gift of salvation. 


Because it was man that sinned, not God. So it must be man to correct the wrong. Satan thought he had one over on God forever. He could torture God, over His love and greatest creation, man by man's destruction.

But salvation, whom the angels desired to look into, was impossible because of man, Adam, became corrupt. A corrupt tree cannot produce good fruit. So, man could not forgive or pay for sin, because he was corrupt and had not the treasure to pay.

But satan and angels did not see, understand, know, or think of God BECOMING a man. All Heaven knows that God cannot lie, satan used this understanding to base his kingdom upon. God is pure, Jesus was born of God. Jesus was God and man, was pure, the son of God but gave up His power and honor to become only a man, born of God.

This then is the reason God could forgive sin, and the reason He had to become a man to do so.

So, salvation brings man back to God. Adam left God, Jesus (the last Adam) brought man back to God. Jesus, a man, the son of man, undid or corrected by freely dying for man was able to purchase our salvation as a man, but also because He was not only of pure birth but is also God, the Word of God, the second person in the Godhead. 

***1Pet 1:12 ... preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into.

***1Cor 15:45 And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam [Jesus] was made a quickening spirit.

***1Cor 15:22 For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.

***Heb 6:18 ...which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:



Thanks!  I guess if God just "wiped out" sin,  we wouldn't have seen how destructive sin can be, and now we can fully and clearly choose salvation over sin.
Yes. Read romans when you can.  If Go forgave sin without dealing with it, He would be unjust.  But God chooses who he will save
God had declared the End from the Beginning. It's impossible for God to lie. God's word is forever settled in Heaven.

It was impossible for God to forgive or ignore sin. 

Only man, the sinner could voluntarily return to God as he voluntarily turned from God. Jesus left Heaven, glory, honor, his position and power to become a common man. He was born of the Spirit of God, to a virgin, born a man with all the frailties of man. He became tired, had to sleep, eat with all the rest that came upon man because of Adam's failure. The requirements were satisfied. A pure man, his father was God, died for us, God could accept this as the atonement. 
Exactly! :) 

Praise God for His infinite amazing mercy and grace! 
Thankful for this community. Praying all of yall had an excellent thanksgiving. 
It was alright this year. My little family were all sick so we didn't get to go spend it with my huge family; but my amazingly sweet father made us a full on thanksgiving dinner so that we would still have something. We are seriously blessed to have someone like that in our lives. It was something I will never forget. How was yours?? 
Awe. I hope they're feeling better :( 
That is so kind of him to do. How awesome. Mine was nice, I hung out with a friend whose family does not celebrate Thankgiving so shes often alone on TG. Then went home and had some turkey with the fam. Thankfully nobody was sick, though, I'll be praying for a speedy recover for yall. 
Thank you! And that sounds like a nice, quiet Thanksgiving for y'all as well! Glad you had a good one.


Abortion
	"Then the LORD God formed a man from the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became a living being.


" Gen 2:7. This suggests that life does not begin until a being takes their first breath. Which I also believe is often the legal standard for whether someone killed a new born infant or if it's a lesser crime.


"For the life of every creature is in its blood." Lev 17:11. If the life of a body is in its blood this would also suggest that life does not begging at conception but when the zygote starts to have blood in its body.


3. Same sex marriage.
-the Leviticus quote is correct however, Leviticus is a law book which is part of the old covenant. Just like we no longer follow the laws about pork, shellfish and many other laws, any law listed in Leviticus is no longer applicable to Christians. 


-The Corinthian verse is not accurately translated. There was no word in Ancient Greek for homosexual so any verse that says homosexual is translated wrong (you can, of course, argue that the verse is referencing homosexuals but it would never directly refer to them). The word in Corinthians has been translated many ways over the centuries, bible writers actually have just placed whatever was the 'hot sin' of the time such as laziness or masturbating. http://www.wouldjesusdiscriminate.org/biblical_evidence/no_fems_no_fairies.html



5. Taxes: okay so the bible doesn't say anything about the rich paying more taxes exactly. However, it in many, many, many places says we are obliged to give to ten poor and take care of the needy. This includes giving up out own property.


Some examples are:
"You shall not glean your vineyard, neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard. You shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God." Lev 19:10 (this is in Leviticus so not a law anymore. If you think the previous Leviticus verse should still be followed then you must also believe so should this. If you think this one shouldn't still be followed then neither should then other).


"Jesus said to him, “If you want to be perfect, go, sell what you have, and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come, follow me." Matt 19:24, literally tells a guy to give everything he owns to the poor.


"And the crowds asked him, “What then should we do?” He said to them in reply, “Whoever has two tunics should share with the person who has none. And whoever has food should do likewise.” Luke 3:10-11. Pretty clearly says if you have more you should give more. 



6. Separation of church and state
-"Jesus said to them, “Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.” And they marvelled at him." Matthew 12:17
-"My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence" John 18:36. Gods kingdom and worldly kingdoms are clearly separate here.


7. Religious Freedom. I have no bible quotes to add here (though the typical love thy neighbour probably applies) but why should we expect religious freedom while deny other of it? Do you think people will eagerly hear the word of God from us while we oppress them? Should we separate ourselves from unchristian influences? Yes, of course! But that is different from denying people their rights. Assuming you are from America, do you not know that America was founded on people trying to escape religious persecution? Did not both the ancient Israelites and Paul live amongst Pagans but not need to oppress enemy. The Jews had the law of Moses that allowed pagan to still be shown as holy if they followed certain rules. Paul and Jesus both used love not oppression to spread the teachings of God.


I don't think God is liberal but he is certinally not conservative. Both sides have an agenda that God should not be a part of.


Good points being made in that article.

Adam and Eve were created as adults, they were unique in that way and so irrelevant to the abortion issue. I knew you in your mother's womb is totally relevant.
Same sex marriage & abortion are very clearly wrong and are prime examples of why no Christian should be supporting any political party with liberal beliefs. Those two things so alone are unjustifiable.
Abortion: God stated that a person would be called to account for injuring an unborn child. So, in his eyes, killing an unborn child is murder. Exodus 21:22, 23  
  22 “If people are fighting and hit a pregnant woman and she gives birth prematurely but there is no serious injury, the offender must be fined whatever the woman’s husband demands and the court allows. 23 But if there is serious injury, you are to take life for life,


>Same sex marriage. -the Leviticus quote is correct however, Leviticus is a law book which is part of the old covenant. Just like we no longer follow the laws about pork, shellfish and many other laws, any law listed in Leviticus is no longer applicable to Christians.

The law changed yes. But the Leviticus quote included more than a law. It includes a reason: "God hates that."

The law doesn't apply anymore, but God's feeling on the matter did not change. 

Which is why Paul reminded us to continue following this command despite many others being obsolete.  
As far as trying to pretend he didn't say that, you know there was no Greek word for homosexual.  
So given that fact, if he actually meant homosexual, how could he have said it so that you'd understand?

I think the fact he included 'effeminate' in a list of serious sexual sins, sandwiched between two other sex related sins, he may have been thinking about the sexual meaning of the word. Especially given the fact that we already know from Leviticus how God feels about the matter.

Greek has other words for 'lazy'. If that is what he meant he would have used 'tempélis'. 
Thank you

You could easily argue that this verse is actually one that says life does not begin at conception as well though. We are not told what is considered a serious injury or whether a live birth or a stillbirth took place. Thus this verse can be interpreted two ways;

1. A man hits a pregnant woman and it causes her to go into labor. If the baby is born alive then no serious injury occurred, if the baby is born dead then this is a serious injury and take life for a life.

2.  A man hits a pregnant woman and it causes her to go into labor.  If all that happens is the women gives birth prematurely (whether the baby lives or not) then this is no serious injury and you pay a fine. If the women has other injuries then you go to the eye for an eye, life for a life punishment (depending on the seriousness of the injury).
It does not say god hates it, that a clear mistranslation, most translations use abomination. It says in proverbs 6 that God hates six then and homosexuals are not listed there. Now being an abomination probably isn't good sure....but the old law also says that a woman wearing men's clothes is an abomination. Yesterday I forgot to do laundry so I wore my husbands shirt and shorts. Under the old law was this a crime, yes, the old law created to maximize separation of non-believers before we were offered salvation. Is it a crime now? No and it's also not an abomination anymore either. 

The Greeks didn't use the word lazy in the verse, they also didn't use a word that meant homosexual (or at least we can never be certain). Paul made up a word and we have been trying to guess at what it means for over a millennium. Translating it as lazy was wrong but SO was translating it as homosexual. Now effeminate Ivan be a good translation but effeminate does not mean gay. My first boyfriend was pretty effeminate but he was 100% straight.
Interesting. 

I don't take it that way though. And I don't see any reason to. 

The eye for eye law already existed, so if a pregnant woman is killed we already know what to do with or without this new law. 

Take away this law and ask: "what happens of a pregnant woman is killed?"  Answer: the killer is executed.

The only way this scripture serves any purpose is to add new information: "what happens of the baby is killed?"  
Answer: the killer is executed.

Meanwhile, Christians don't need the bible to tell us the obvious. There's nothing in the bible strictly condemning pedophilia... That doesn't mean we're just gonna pretend it's okay. We have a moral compass of our own that God gave us. We can tell when something is evil without being told. 

Abortion is in that category.  
When my wife was pregnant with our son, I loved that baby long before he was born. The thought of anything happening to him made me sick. I don't have to be told that he was a valuable life. I knew.

Viewing unborn babies as worthless is sick. Anyone willing to kill an unborn baby has something wrong with their conscience. I'd avoid such a person like I'd avoid any other psychopath. 
Your interpretation of the bible relies on an awful lot of mistranslations. 

You replace any word you don't like and claim it was mistranslated. But your new interpretation of it leaves the bible completely incoherent. 

So what DID Paul mean? If you can't answer that, why avoid the obvious? 

God told the Israelites it was a sin worthy of death.

He said he hated it. (Or called it an abomination)

Paul condemns homosexuals in [Romans 1:26-27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Romans+1%3A26-27)

And then he uses the closest word to homosexuals they had in their language to say they were sinners. 

What reason do you have to think God DID change his mind on the subject?

We're also no longer under the law that says not to fornicate with animals, should we assume that means it's now totally okay?

There is more evidence God hates homosexuality than bestiality.
I think, if taken my way, the verse answers a very important question. They knew they needed to take a life for a life but did not know what to do in the case of a still birth. The verse answers that a still birth is not considered a crime worthy of life for a life. 

I totally get that you believe life should be sacred, I agree, we just have different thresholds about when life begins. Both of us I'm sure only want to look out for the best interests of children. Even though I firmly believe the bible equates breath with life it is still difficult to see families go through miscarriages. While I don't believe their baby was technically living it still had a potential to live. Even believing as I do if I found myself pregnant I would consider the baby a part of me and thus something deserving protection.   In 99% of cases I'd want to protect my arm and keep it alive an healthy but if my arm had flesh eating disease or gangrene I would probably want t cut off. That doesn't mean it would be an easy discussion though, I would probably struggle with it both before and after. I'm not saying all abortions are okay but I certainly think most people must agree that there are some cases where it is the best option. 

I mean I recently reads of a South American girl who I think was around 10 getting an abortion. She had be raped by her farther and could not physically carry the child because her body was too small. Her, her family and the doctor were all excommunicated. I think that is wrong as carrying the baby would have killed her.
What mistranslations do you believe are affecting my interpretation? It literally does not say that god hates homosexuality in Leviticus, go look in an interlineal bible. But ignoring the homosexuality issue for the moment what mistranslations have I used?
You seem to view death as the ultimate thing to be avoided rather than losing your relationship with God.

If following God's law results in your death you have no more certain path to heaven.

"But she would die" does not make her actions okay.

Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah were facing death if they refused to bow down to Nebuchadnezzars idol. They would rather die than sin against God.

Dying for your faith and principles is a noble thing. God rewards those who obey him until death.


Our Lord and Savior Satan of course
Well, you're partly right.....


Hv u seen the new Kirk Cameron movie? Revive Us....(?)
I'm struggling with a lot of issues lately and I just ask that, if you have a moment, you pray for me to gain wisdom and clarity. I want to constantly love others because Christ wants us to love others and because love covers all, but so many of my friendships are feeling one sided and it's wearing me down. I want the clarity to figure out where my boundaries are and what God wants AND what my heart wants, and the wisdom to make the necessary changes. Thanks for reading this. 
James 1:5 in the Contemporary English Bible says, "Anyone who needs wisdom should ask God, whose very nature is to give to everyone without a second thought, without keeping score. Wisdom will certainly be given to those who ask". So just go ahead & ask.....
OK, stop asking and start thanking Him that you have the wisdom you've asked for.
Thanks for the reply. I have been asking. I know he will show all in his time, I just also know that it helps when other believers also pray for us. :) Cheers!
You're right! I need to praise and thank him much more! :)
dailyprophesy.blogspot.in
I had a (now ex-)friend tell me he thought when he met me (a year earlier) that I would probably be an easy lay since I was bigger and inexperienced as far as dating. He quickly clarified that nothing happened because he would never date a coworker. At the time it took everything in me to not laugh in his face and tell him "Nothing would have happened because I am way out of your league!" But instead I said nothing, because I wouldn't hurt a friend that way, and I really try not to make harsh judgements like that anyways, so I was a little embarrassed by that thought. When I was able to think about it more, I was hurt by the way he had judged me, and told myself that maybe all men were secretly evaluating the women they knew, determining whether they had a chance to sleep with them, because how else could someone who called himself my friend speak to me that way. I haven't been friends with him since about 5mo ago. He was not a very nice person in the end. I recently asked another guy friend if guys do evaluate women that way, and he said if he's any example then no. I vaguely referred to the ex-friend and what he had said to me (not naming names since we were all former Grad TAs together). The current friend actually got angry and said it was effed up, that only a creep would say something like that, that I shouldn't ever talk to the other guy again if I can help it, and to not count anything someone like that said as valid. Now I don't know what to think. Do all men evaluate the "bangability" of women they know? Neither of these guys are Christians (though the current friend kind of grew up Catholic) and I don't have any male Christian friends-- all the guys I know and get along with at church are 8+ years younger than me and I didn't feel like it would be appropriate to ask any of them. I posted on "AskMen" and kind of got a "Yes, all men have the thought "Would bang/wouldn't bang," but with even minimal maturity they don't let it impact how they treat anyone, or how they view their humanity. Only a messed up jerk would verbalize it, and the way he said it was probably intended to undermine your confidence and give him a better chance of bagging you." I just don't know what to think :(
Update: Ok, to clarify, I do often notice when I meet someone whether or not I find him attractive. But that thought never progresses to categorizing anyone as "sex possible: yes/ no" based only on appearances. If someone is attractive and I also find their personality pleasing as I get to know them, especially if he's funny in a smart way and can get me talking and laughing to the point that I let my guard down a little so I'm paying attention to him alone, then I will have that "yes, I want" feeling. But that feeling is always immediately followed by   the thought "Oh, no. Stop. He's a person, not an object to desire. Make sure he doesn't know you feel this way. Treat him like you've always treated him, he deserves the same dignity and treatment as always. Whatever you do, don't flirt or change your body language. You don't want him to notice you are in to him because if he doesn't feel the same way it could be really awkward for him to have to spare your feelings." The last thing I want is for some guy to experience the awkwardness of having to friend-zone me. I'm always concerned with how other people feel, so if I ever do feel that kind of attraction I make sure that it doesn't impact how I treat anyone.
I agree with "Askmen." I'd also like to mention that it's social standard for men to measure all women as possible mates, since it's the social standard for men to be the ones to make the advances. Whether its right or wrong is up to you to decide. But mentioning it was innapropriate and could have only been to lower your self esteem and possibly to raise his. I think you should have laughed in his face and that should be the end of your friendship with him.
That is definitely not how a man in Christ should think and most definitely not something to say to someone else . Now obviously not all men are Christian,  as he obviously was not,  and the "do-ability" of women is the dominant mentality in men in our culture today. So a large majority of men will say they think this way,  however I imagine a far fewer amount would say that to a person's face.  That statement for your ex-friend appears to be narcissistic and he obviously did not thing or care about what those words would do. Now to answer your question,  no not all men think like that. Sadly the broken state of humans makes is so that a large majority of men do. My advice if you're afraid of other men doing this is surround yourself with Christian friends,  find ones your age.  If they are truly in Christ they should be more in control of those kinds of thoughts. If you're seeking a growing relationship in Christ,  you'll definitely want men in Christ. 
Think of it this way, not among Christian men, or hopefully not because Christianity is to eliminate the animal in us, but think about the behavior animals have in the wild in going after a resource.  

If there is food, they will go for it, but if they have to fight for it one may try harder, or if it is well guarded they may attempt and fail and attempt and fail, or sometimes they make an effort for it and after finding any amount of effort just immediately look next to it for a different bit of food.  My point being, males will try and fail repeatedly after things and never are supposed to take it personal if it's something we want, so judging women comes naturally to someone who's desperate for sex.  It's not to say it's good or that it's supported, I'm just saying that it is what it is.  

I think what's more interesting was your immediate quote, saying you are out of his league... What tricks are going on in your own mind whether you actively engage them or not.  I think you'll find men are not the only ones going around and measuring and judging others, and if you should judge his behavior harshly, then why is it different than that sentence?   
I agree, we all make judgements. Like I said, I felt guilty for my own unkind thoughts and would never treasure or verbalize those kinds of judgements. The reason I found his judgement hurtful was that it had been internalized to the point that a year later he still considered it an acceptable way to evaluate me, and tell me that he had judged me as such. I never let my judgement of him impact how I spoke to or treated him. He did. My question was more about "Do I categorize his judgement of me and how he told me about it as abnormal and socially deviant? Or was it evidence of a natural, self-serving, sinful human body un-tempered by godly influence of the Holy Spirit?" I'm inclined to believe that pretty much all men, even Christian men, have a biological predisposition toward evaluating all women as potential sexual partners, that socially aware/polite men don't share their judgements with women, and that Christian men actively put the thoughts aside and work against them in order to love their friends, neighbors and enemies in a God-honoring way.
[Good Morning](https://imgur.com/HRv8gz7)
Hi, i have a question to ask that has been on my mind for some time now. Why do some rappers claim to be Christian or claim that they are going to heaven when in their music, they repeatedly reference doing acts that clearly against the Bible, and they show no intention of wanting to stop these acts. Because if a rapper was truly repentant of the things he claimed to do, God would forgive him and he would be welcome to heaven. The thing I don't understand is why a rapper can live a sinful and unrepentant life but still be Christian.
Depends solely on the person and their true relationship with God. No one can know that but the individual and God himself. 
I think you can take out "rappers" and insert "people."
Lots of people say they are christians when they are not.  Lots of people get written off on little basis though.  What is it you have in mind?
That is because they have not been born again, simple as that really. Those who are not born again will not see the kingdom of God. It's even more insulting and blasphemous when they thank God for their music, as if God winked at the lives of these wicked reprobates that produce ungodly rap.
Some rappers like Lecrae or Andy Mineo are the real deal man. I just try to stick with them
There is a certain progressive sanctification that takes place from the time that a person first becomes a born again Christian to the time they are reunited with Christ once their life on Earth is finished (unless, of course, that moment of conversion and the moment of bodily death are very close to one another).

Proof of conversion, I would argue, is shown through repentance, and to biblical repent means to turn away from sin and turn toward God. If a rapper claims to be Christian and yet still sins, that might just be a struggle with and through sanctification. If he/she is glorifying sin (through acknowledging that it's wrong and doing it anyways and being proud of that fact), I would also argue that person is not truly saved.

Granted, the Bible says that man can only see and thereby judge the outward appearance whereas God knows and judges upon the matters of a man's heart. However, the Bible also says that out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. If a rapper who professes to be a Christian continues to write vile, sinful lyrics, it seems to me that his/her heart is still not right with God.
Jesus said you'll know them by the fruits. Also,  what is a Christian?  Somebody that is Christ-like I would say.   People can call themselves Christians and that doesn't mean anything.  Some drug dealers wear a cross but that won't help them when they did.   If you actually look at who's will they are doing its the devil....
So what exactly is being "born again?" Is it simply being baptized? Or would it be a change of heart in the way that a self-proclaimed Christian lives their life?
Being born again means having a completely new life. It means to realize that you have been living in sin an to repent of that sin and turn your whole life into following Jesus and his commandments.

" And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments.
 He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.

(I John 2:3-4 [KJV])"

It means to crucify the flesh with its desires and to hate ALL sin and all appearances of sin. 

In other words, it means to be born of the spirit of God.
Rhapsody of Realities Daily Devotional·Monday, July 11, 2016

My son, attend to my words…For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh (Proverbs 4:20-22)

The Hebrew word for “health” in our opening scripture is “marpe,” which means “medicine.” If someone were sick and dying and got a hold of the Word, he’d be healed and restored, because God’s Word is medicine.

It brings to mind the testimony of a certain brother; he’d been diagnosed with cancer which, for many, is a death sentence. However, rather than being discouraged, he made up his mind to act on the Word for a miracle. He got several of our messages and listened repeatedly for weeks.

After sometime, he went for his next appointment with the doctors and they couldn’t find any trace of cancer in his body. The Word of God effected a cure and completely eradicated the cancer. Are you facing any challenge in your physical body today? The Word of God is medicine! Not only does the Word destroy sickness from the body, it keeps it immune to sickness, disease, and infirmity.
Don’t give in to sickness. Christ already consummated the plan for your divine health; So, it doesn’t matter what the health condition is; place your hand on it and say, “In the Name of Jesus, I refuse to accommodate this infirmity.” Whatever part of your body the challenge is, tell it off in the Name of Jesus. You have authority in that Name; use it.

Someone might have been suffering with migraine or heart trouble for a long time; it’s time to say, “No.” Understand that Jesus took care of every form of pain that could have come to you. The responsibility is now yours to establish that victory in your life! That heart trouble is unnecessary; it’s time to drop it. Yes, you can, even NOW. You say, “heart, become normal, in the Name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth”; and it shall be so.

Live in health. Choose to be full of life every day! Hallelujah!

PRAYER

Dear Father, I thank you for the entrance of your Word brings light to my heart and produces health in my body. Your Word is working in me, making me healthy, vibrant, strong, and productive today and always, in Jesus’ Name. Amen.

FURTHER STUDY: Exodus 23:25; Isaiah 33:24; 1 Peter 2:24

/R/Christian



Just do me a favor and go to the hospital if at any point it doesn't work out.
As a type 1 diabetic, I recommend this, but results may vary 
God wants us to have faith, but to reject physical treatment for solely spiritual is to come dangerously close to the heresy of the gnostics. We are created not just as spirit, but also with physical bodies of matter that respond favorably to chemicals that are also created by God. The medicine that only exists because God gave us a rational and intelligent mind to create it is not less than prayer, and to use this gift of God is not a lack of faith. Prayer and medicine are both gifts of God that Christians should take full advantage of.

And to say pain and suffering are something that can be completely gotten rid of with faith is blatant heresy. Nowhere does Christ promise us a pain free life, look at the Apostles, all but John died painful deaths for their faith and did it gladly because they knew they had a greater treasure than this life or comfort in it. Paul even prayed for Christ to remove what he called a thorn in his side, and the Lord said his grace was sufficient. Surely Paul didn't just lack faith to be healed. Taking up one's cross daily is not always going to be pain free, but it is always worth it.

Why do you think so little of God that he has become your personal vending machine?
Faith is likened to a mustard seed...(Luke 17:6). You can actually grow your faith.That doesn't necessarily negate the use of medications. Do you know that in the field of medicine placebo drugs are still as effective as conventional medications? you have to fully comprehend the power of your mind.
you can start exercising your faith by reducing your medication, till you are able to go without medicine! That's how it works


Thank you for your reply. The passage did not in any way suggest we should reject medicine. It only gave a more excellent way of dealing with pain and suffering. You have to understand that despite the fact that we live in a fallen world, those who believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted His salvation have become new creations in Christ, and have become partakers of His Divine nature. Though they live in this world; they are not of this world. They transcend the elements of this world because they live by a higher law: faith! The suffering that God permits for HIs kids is not the same kind of suffering anyone else can experience. We gladly suffer for Christ such as when we are persecuted, or when we have to forego something for the Kingdom of God's sake... someone may even willingly abandon his wealth so as to identify with the poor in order to reach them with the Gospel.
God is my Father. Just as human father is delighted to give good things to his kids, so is my heavenly father, and that so much more! God cannot be mocked, so don't even think he can become to us like a vending machine,. There are laws and principles to apply when you want to receive from the Lord. The knowledge of these principles is what is at play here. The reason we are debating so much is because most of us do not understand these principles and how to put them to work.
>Do you know that in the field of medicine placebo drugs are still as effective as conventional medications?

Not a entirely accurate statement. Often placebos are used in double blind studies to study the efficacy of some medications. If the medication has the same effectiveness as the placebo it is considered ineffective. Placebo are shown to have some effect but it is usually not a strong effect; especially in cases of something like hypertension, high cholesterol, diabetes (all common ailments in health care). 
And for you to actually comprehend the power of your mind.The word of God must be at work in you.
That is an incredibly dangerous thing to say. People have died because they have not taken their medication. A faith healing family had their child with type I diabetes die because they refused to give him insulin.

No where does it say going to the doctor and taking medications equals lack of faith. We live in a broken and fallen world. With that comes disease and other issues. Seeing people who are in their vocations such as physicians, nurses, pharmacists, therapists, etc. does not indicate a lack of faith.

God may choose to heal someone of an illness. There have been reports of that happening with people going into spontaneous remission from cancer or something like that. **However**, it is entirely presumptuous to assume that God will automatically do X for a particular person because of faith. It is his Will and not ours. For whatever reason, He often allows people to have lifelong conditions. However, that doesn't prevent them from living their lives out for God.

Your advice, which goes against sound medical advice in some cases, will lead to dangerous consequences for some. Please pray on that before you continue such advice. 
You don't want to see what happens if I do that. It's very...puke-y
Your premise is unbiblical though. In the OP you state that any ailment a Christian has can be gotten rid of by faith and  praying it away, that's patently false and contradicts scripture. Even the Apostle Paul wasn't cured of the ailment he called the thorn in his side when he prayed rarest for healing.

Having faith is absolutely necessary, and it is one of the greatest pursuits in a Christians life, but God doesn't always allow miraculous healing if we have enough of it. Sometimes it's as he told Paul, "My grace is sufficient for you, for My power is made perfect in weakness." 
parents shouldn't force their child into a choice like that against his will if he believe it himself then its fine but if he doesnt want to do it then he should get his insulin and live to fight another day.

BTW its always Gods will to heal people 
I did not say taking that medicine is a lack of faith. I meant to imply that the realm of faith transcends the natural and it's limitations. Through faith yo can overrule the laws of nature including sickness, and obtain a miracle of healing, etc. To say that God ma choose to heal one and in some cases not to heal is not the whole truth, because God's will for us to live in health is well spelt out in His Word( 3rd John vs.2). ALL who came to Jesus received their healing, and in most cases the Master replied thus:" Your faith has made you whole". Your faith is the deciding factor here: you can obtain whatever you desire with it. And to grow your faith, get the Word inside your spirit! I recommend the book : THE POWER OF YOUR MIND by Rev. Dr Chris Oyakhilome.
The post was not themed to suggest people not to use medications.But to share the wonderful life you can live in when the word is at work in you.All hands are not equal so is faith. Faith is likened to a mustard seed...(Luke 17:6). You can actually grow your faith.This post doesn't necessarily negate the use of medications. Do you know that in the field of medicine placebo drugs are still as effective as conventional medications? you have to fully comprehend the power of the word.You can either choose to act on it or not.The word can be your medication if you choose it be.

You are well in the name of Jesus Christ.Receive your healing and be steadfast in the Lord.Accept him as your Lord and savior first.
You can say this prayer...O Lord God. I believe with all my heart in Jesus Christ, Son of the living God. I believe He's alive today. I confess with my mouth that Jesus Christ is the lord of my life from this day.Through Him and His Name, I have eternal life; I'm born again.Thank you Lord, for saving my soul! I'm now a child of God. Hallelujah!
Good day. I beg to differ that my post is unbiblical.
To shed some light to your concerns i would clarify you major concern i.e."That an ailment can be gotten rid of by faith" is false is totally wrong.
It implies that there have never been an account of healing by our Lord Jesus Christ. I would go further to provide you accounts of  healing as recorded in the bible.
John 9:1-12 gives account of the healing of a blind man.The miracle in this scripture sets the tone for two important lessons Jesus wanted to teach. First, there is a lesson on the nature of spiritual blindness (9:39-41). Second, He issues a warning about false spiritual shepherds (10:1-18) that you shouldn't be concerned with.
As and ardent, there are so many accounts of healing to be found in the bible and also in the present times.Everyday peoples lives are impacted with the word.For those who believe in him.Cast yourself no doubt because of the tribulations the apostle Paul faced. As they say different strokes different folks.God works in mysterious ways, Job faced similar faith and was blessed and replenished in tens of folds. Irrespective of our circumstances we should remain steadfast in the Lord. There is no room for doubt when you believe in the Lord.That’s why Paul said, “If I must boast, I will boast of the things that show my weakness” (2 Corinthians 11:30). He even went beyond that: “For the sake of Christ, then, I am content with weaknesses, insults, hardships, persecutions, and calamities. For when I am weak, then I am strong” (2 Corinthians 12:10).
I would go further and include more accounts of healing, read the whole Matthew where Jesus Heals a Sick Man and the centurion servant also read 26-28 verses.
8 When Jesus came down from the hill, great crowds followed him. 2 Then a man with a skin disease came to Jesus. The man bowed down before him and said, “Lord, you can heal me if you will.”

3 Jesus reached out his hand and touched the man and said, “I will. Be healed!” And immediately the man was healed from his disease. 4 Then Jesus said to him, “Don’t tell anyone about this. But go and show yourself to the priest[a] and offer the gift Moses commanded[b] for people who are made well. This will show the people what I have done.”
Have a great day

I'm not saying that Jesus can't heal people or never did, I haven't made that claim once. I'm simply stating the truth that it's unbiblical and heretical to say Christ absolutely will heal anything we ask him to every time, as he did not heal Paul's infirmity. God can and does heal people, but that isn't always his will, and he won't do it every time. 
There is really no need to get into an argument because the Word of God is the final Word. It depends on what you want to take from it; what will you chose to believe? I go with the whole truth, and I prefer the meat to the milk of God's Word. The meat says I cannot be sick( wonder if you will comprehend this one!), whereas the milk says by His stripes I am healed. It matters what level you choose to operate in, because the Lord will work with you from that level! But His Word does not change ,nor does it fail. It remains forever. Forever it is settled in heaven. You are to settle, establish it in your life, so that His will be done on earth in your life as it is in heaven. God's Word is His will expressed, and He has already proved repeatedly that it His will not only to heal all the time, but His perfect will is that we walk in divine health, where sickness is alien to you! Otherwise why on earth did he carry our sickness and pain away? Beats logic if He did that then He still remains unwilling to heal some. Understand that sickness is not caused by God. It came as a result of sin. And sin was nailed to that cross, so why should I be accommodating the side-effects of sin when I am the righteousness of God? These truths cannot make sense to you if you're not born again. You cannot grasp the truths of God's Word with sense knowledge. You have to understand that faith is spiritual, and the God kind of faith doesn't not fail. If it failed then it wasn't faith!
What you have isn't meat, it's a heresy. The stripes by which we are healed speaks of a spiritual healing. It is our salvation, not a physical ailment. The fact is that scripture proves even those as faithful as Paul prayed for healing and sometimes got an answer of no, because God's grace is enough.

 I'll pray for you that our God and Savior makes the truth clear to you my friend.
Good day. Whether you are well now, suffering through the common cold or battling with a cancer or some disease of sort, take comfort knowing God cares and it is His will to heal you, regardless of what stage of health you’re in.

It is clear cut that your healing has already been bought and paid for through the blood of Jesus Christ, While some people have experienced miraculous Biblical healing, others find their healing through God by way of doctors and others in the medical practice.
Our inheritance in Christ are all things, divine health, prosperity/abundance and deliverance.

Do not dwell on what the apostle Paul experienced, Paul didn’t immediately recognize the thorn as a gift. He pleaded for deliverance. But Jesus replied, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness” (2 Corinthians 12:9).

This opened up a world of insight to Paul. God showing his strength through weak things was laced all through redemptive history, culminating in the cross.

That’s why Paul said, “If I must boast, I will boast of the things that show my weakness” (2 Corinthians 11:30). He even went beyond that: “For the sake of Christ, then, I am content with weaknesses, insults, hardships, persecutions, and calamities. For when I am weak, then I am strong” (2 Corinthians 12:10). 

From this we should understand before we go leaving in ignorance of the divine inheritance we have been called to.We should realize that the Bible contains messages Christ said, the prophets,what the angels said and even what the devil said. You have to understand the context, who is talking, who the message was addressed for. Before cementing your heart and saying ...its in the bible therefore it is his will.
colossians 1:9 ...God's desire is to be filled with the knowledge of his will.......
You would realize not all sufferings are gifts like in the case of Paul.
You can have the epignosis to discern all these..Ephesians 3:19-And to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all fullness of God......Fullness of the will of God,... The wisdom of God.
You don't seem to understand what the Bible says on the matter, friend. Healing is always possible, but it is not always the Lord's will. To say what you're saying is unbiblical and heretical, disproven by the Bible and the fact that if God wanted to heal all Christians, we wouldn't all die of various causes, we would all be assumed into heaven like Elijah because God would heal anything that could end our lives. I'll keep praying for you, but since you aren't listening to the Bible I can't keep responding to the same heresy you keep posting. Have a good weekend.
You say "It is not always possible".Are you suggesting based on your ideology not to rebuke sickness, not to pray for healing. Are you suggesting that man has no right to live in divine health as the Father has willed. Are you claiming the Lord not to be Just.
How can God choose not to heal someone when He already purchased their healing? Was His blood enough for all sin, or just certain sins? Were the stripes He bore only for certain illnesses, or certain seasons of time? When He bore stripes in His body He made a payment for our miracle. He already decided to heal. You can’t decide not to buy something after you’ve already bought it.
There are no deficiencies on His end – neither the covenant is deficient, nor His compassion or promises. All lack is on our end. The only time someone wasn’t healed in the Bible (gospels) is when the disciples prayed for them. For example, Mark 9 when they prayed for the tormented child. They did not have breakthrough. But then, Jesus came and brought healing and deliverance to the child.
Jesus Christ is perfect theology – He is the will of God. We can’t lower the standard of scripture to our level of experience . . . or in most cases, inexperience. It’s a very common for people not to come to this realization.
He is the will of God.
Change concept of thinking
It is the Lord's will for every man to be saved!
For every man to be healed!
What do we do when we have a problem:
1. Realize it’s not God’s fault.
2. Learn from others who see miracles. Have them pray for you. If you don’t know people who see miracles, find them. I suggest you read the Rhapsody of Realities daily.
3. Do what Jesus told His disciples to do when He addressed the problem – pray and fast (not just for a specific problem, but to give Him thanks and praise.
4. Take risk – pray for people (NOT – “if it be thy will” kind of prayer. 
5. It’s hard to hurt someone’s faith by praying for a miracle. Not praying for a miracle gives them no chance for increased faith. That is what hurts faith. The real goal is to show people God’s love. And faith grows in the display of God’s love. His love is seen when we show compassion and display God’s power.
6. When God heals people, give Him thanks and praise. Learn from it so it will happen again.
7. If someone isn’t healed, realize the problem isn’t God, and seek Him for direction as well as personal breakthrough (greater anointing for consistency in healing). Also, don’t take it personal. There are other factors involved besides great faith. That is only one element in the equation. Just learn to do your best to be faithful to His gospel, and honor Him for the results. It’s also not wise to blame the person who is sick.
8. There’s a difference between a miracle and healing. Miracles happen in an instant and healing happens over time. It is important to recognize the progress of what God is doing in a person’s body and give thanks, because healing increases in an atmosphere of thankfulness.
Further:
Isaiah 53:5 says "But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with stripes we are healed".
 Also read : 1 Peter 2:24
You're not only misinterpreting scripture again, you've also misread my post. I'm still praying that the Lord will make your heresy clear to you.

I did look into this some but found nothing online. May I suggest going directly to the church and asking? I bet you'd find someone who knew at least a moderately interesting story. 

Yeah it's a mystery. I've asked a few times over the years, but it's just kinda accepted that it's an old saint lost in the annals of time. 
Someone else on here suggested that historIcally "saint" didn't necessarily refer to an actual canonised saint. It could mean blessed or holy. 
This seems to fit on with the parish originally being called Kilmolleran.
Kill (coill) is a prefix meaning forest in Irish. Mull/Moll/Maoil has its roots in the Irish for topped/planted or headed/haired, so unfortunately I'm starting to believe that he didn't exist and that it's named after the townsland. Every place in the area was named after something religious, Abbey Hill, Friary Hill, Mass Road, Corpse Road (not religious but it's the route to the cemetery). So deeply religious people starting to name or refer to everything in their area as holy was probably the origin of the name.




Women are saved through Christ. Like everyone else.
Good question. I think when Paul says that in 1 Tim 2:15, I think he's using the term "saved" as in sanctified, not justified. (Our current Christian culture uses the term "saved" to mean "going to Heaven when we die", while the Biblical term is more broad and meaningful.) We're justified by Christ's atoning work. Paul is saying that when women bear children with "faith and love and sanctity with self-restraint", this is part of their sanctification, i.e. spiritual growth and transformation.

On a side note, 1 Tim 2 references Genesis 3. When Paul is saying that a woman can be sanctified in childbearing, he's saying that "the curse" from Genesis is an opportunity for sanctification. Similarly, when men (or women) experience the curse towards men, i.e. the proverbial thorns and thistles in their workplace, this is also an opportunity for sanctification, provided we "continue with faith and love and sanctity with self-restraint".
Well, since "women are saved through childbearing" was a core belief of the Quiverfull cult I was raised in, I'll cast a big, fat, NO on that.
No one is saved by their works. Only through faith. Childbearing included.
Saved by Jesus who came by way of childbearing from Mary, so...grace and faith.
I have always wondered if the sense of the text is "kept safe through child bearing" and somewhere in the background are weird early gnostic ideas that flesh is evil and women damned for adding to the number of souls trapped in flesh.  Paul is then saying "no, having children is not a sin".

To assume that salvation of the soul can be achieved by being female and procreating contradicts every other part of scripture.  So I tend to think we're misunderstanding the issue.
You are not quoting scripture correctly:  

"Yet she will be saved through childbearing—if they continue in faith and love and holiness, with self-control"

you cannot simply isolate faith when love and holiness are also included.  The word "and" is used to connect grammatically coordinate words, phrases, or clauses, it means along or together with; as well as; in addition to; besides; also; moreover.

Why do you distort the Scriptures when the scriptures are as plain as day that in this verse Paul is telling us that woman is saved by childbearing if they **continue in faith and love and holiness, with self-control**.  It sure looks like one needs to continue in not just faith, but also love and holiness  with self control.  In other words saved not just by faith.   

If he never fell, Lucifer couldn't tempt people. There would be no yang to the ying.
But if God did plan it, isnt that messed up?
God didn't purposely make Lucifer sin. However, He did know that Satan would sin and cause humans also to sin. The Bible speaks of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.
The answer is in this. He is the Almighty God. Not somewhat mighty. He is sovereign. It's all his plan. He is not thwarted by evil events. He will turn horrible events into something good. Joseph being jailed for two years on false accusation of rape to get him into Pharaoh's good side later on. Christ dying innocently was the worst thing to ever happen in the history of the world but, was the only way for God's grace to be bestowed upon us was the greatest thing for elect mankind.
You may have better luck posting this in /r/philosophy for the moral aspect of your question. As to whether or not it's God's plan. Well the thing about Christianity is that no one actually knows God's plan. We are only able to speculate, but God does a lot of other "messed up" things in the bible (especially the old testament) for the greater good (I mean the whole point of Jesus is to sacrifice one for the whole) so I would speculate that it would be in character for God to do this other "messed up" thing if it fits into a larger plan.
God planned for free will. He knows how choice trees will play out, and I'm sure he was doing everything he could to keep Lucifer good. But sometimes folks just go bad, because it's a choice. Lucifer hates God. 

What's interesting about your questions is that they beg the question: what is sin? If we think of sin as violating technicalities, then you have a point. But if we describe sin as withdrawing from God, as wanting selfishness, as refusing connection and abiding in Him whether from mistrust or doubt or pride ... then you have a moot point. 
Satan is never called Lucifer in the Bible actually.  Satan is a dragon, not an angel.  The dragon "fell" when he spoke three lies to beguile Eve.  Genesis 3.
In addition to this answer, as it is Biblical:

God has given man and angels ***free will***. Lucifer as the above stated, was not at all forced or made to sin by God; but over time, chose to rebel; drawing other minds(he being exceedingly more cunning) along with him into rebellion. They all had a time where  mercy was extended to them, but they continued to deny the claims of their loving Creator though they knew they were wrong, out of pride.
But Lucifer is Satan? It can't be free will if he planned for him to fall so that he could lead the army of sin. You can't have both free will and also have god being all knowing and having a plan for you. 
When you say "elect" is that the same as predestination? In which the lottery of birth controls your eternal fate?
I was under the notion that this community was for Christians? Philosophy draws its claims and findings from the finite resources that is the mind of man.

This is not(should not be) the practice of a Christian; nor do we place such a low degree of regard for the Word of God (the Bible). Also, this question is well in the means of a Christian to answer—and that, confidently.
If we consider God's will in the OT "Messed up", it simply means we struggle to understand divine justice, which is understandable. God is an infinitely complex being, and our 10lb fallen brains can only comprehend so much.
- “*And the great dragon was cast out,* **that old serpent***, called* ***the Devil, and Satan***, *which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.*” - (*Revelation 12:9 KJV*)

Two more verses down and you'd have seen what Scripture had in store.

- “*How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!*” - (*Isaiah 14:12 KJV*)

Satan (once lucifer), was also an angel in Heaven. The word "satan" means "adversary."
Oooh angels DO have free will? I was led to believe otherwise but i could never resolve that with demons
But isn't free will and God having a plan and being all knowing a contradiction? 
Yes. And it's not a lottery, it's God's chosen elect. I suggest you go to salvationbygrace.org for more in depth answers. Pastor Jim McClarty has years of sermons up to download and a full Q&A section.
Isaiah 14 is not about Satan.

**Isaiah 14:4**

4 That thou shalt take up this proverb against the **king of Babylon**, and say, How hath the oppressor ceased! the golden city ceased!
"Demons", as they are sometimes called, are just the angels that have fallen; including Satan(once Lucifer). They very much so still retain their free will, as they were also creations of Christ.

He did not create them to be bad, but of their own will, chose to do so; nor do they look any different, to a great degree, than the unfallen angels that still minister before God.
No, not exactly. None of the three are an obstruction of any other.

God is love; and the Bible let's us know this principal truth from another point of view:

- “For the Lord shall rise up as in mount Perazim, he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon, that he may do his work, his ***strange work***; and bring to pass his act, his ***strange act***.” - Isaiah 28:21 KJV

The act of destroying a people/angels He has created, and gave Himself for(man), is not normal for a God that **is** Love. The Bible calls it "strange."

Just like we'd find it strange for a person to say, "I love you," as an enemy vindictively abuses them strange, so too God finds taking the life of a creation, that may rightfully deserve it, something out of His character to do.

You needn't go too far or think too hard to understand this. Consider this analogy:

Let's say you have a very beautiful girlfriend(or boyfriend if you are female) you're courting; that person, of their **own choice**, decided to start a relationship with you(free will). You **plan on marrying this person**,but if you're half honest, you know that there isn't anything stopping that person from leaving you for another(free will). And since they're so beautiful, you **may know** there are others who would love to have your gf/bf for themselves! So, again, if you're half honest, **you know** your relationship depends on the person's **willingness** to maintain that union based on your exclusive love for them. If they were having second thoughts about staying with you, even though you, in all truth, treated & loved them well, would you then decide to axe them just because **you knew** they had the free will to come or go? Hopefully not, and you'd do as God did, and with tender compassion, continued to show the love that you always were—hoping they will continue the relationship with you, so that you can be married forever—**your plan**.

As you can see, none of those are contradictory, but rather supplementary to each other. A relationship is only worth having if everyone voluntarily reciprocates admiration. Simply axing the person if they **ever** decide to leave...isn't Love.
Having your birth decide whether you are a chosen elect (presumably to be saved) and the site name you linked, are not compatible. What you've just erroneously shared (though I am aware it is what has been taught to many), goes contrary to the truth of "salvation by grace." 

If you'd like to consider a more sure foundation of the gospel from Scripture that, has been “shed abroad for all men,” send me a direct message.
In light of specific principles & truths in Scripture such as:

- “*For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.*” - (*Ephesians 6:12 KJV*)

And:

- “*And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.  And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.*” - (*Revelation 12:4‭-‬5 KJV*),

Who is trying to Kill Christ here in the passage below? Herod, or someone else? Do you suppose God might know?

- “*Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.*” - (*Matthew 2:16 KJV*)

As students of Scripture, being able to see beyond the surface is important. There is a great controversy going on; and this battle we do not fight between each other. There are agents of both sides of the fray. Agents of Christ; agents of the deceiver. Each agent follows and carries out their master's commands.
Does a fallen angel (demon) have a chance at redemption?
I quite clearly stated God choosing elect people.  Your birth and everyone else's is his plan. According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. (Ephesians 1:4)  This is salvation by God's grace. We have no say in it. So my link is accurate and I recommend people go there for more answers as I started earlier as well.
Right so be not deceived, Satan is not an angel of light, only pretends to be and only his deceived followers think he is.

**2 Corinthians 11:13-15**

**13 For such people are false apostles, deceitful workers, masquerading as apostles of Christ.**

 **14 And no wonder, for Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light.**

**15 It is not surprising, then, if his servants also masquerade as servants of righteousness. Their end will be what their actions deserve.**
> 1 Peter 1:12 It was revealed to them that they were not serving themselves but you, when they spoke of the things that have now been told you by those who have preached the gospel to you by the Holy Spirit sent from heaven. *Even angels long to look into these things.*

No they can't. 


"Redeemed," or "redemption" would not be the term that bests fit the case of the fallen angels, as Scripture never uses that for them. They did have a time to turn from their destructive course; but by being deceived to go down a path that no one in honesty would ever think to trek (in light of a infinitely loving Creator), they found themselves unable to see where their actions would lead, and thus, they forfeited that time of probationary mercy offered them by holding onto pride, thinking their self exaulting leader[Satan] was correct. He was not.

That probationary period, as we now have, Scripture let's us know that the last part of the remedy for ultimately removing sin was prepared for satan and the fallen angels—and sadly, those of us now, who also choose to follow their [the fallen ones] leading by rejecting Christ and His sacrifice for us. You go wherever your leader goes...essentially. 

- “*For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;*” - 2 Peter 2:4 KJV

- “*And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.*” - Jude 1:6 KJV

However....

...intense study and concern of the state of fallen angels or demons should not be our primary focus; but taking hold of the lessons taught by the writings of Scripture, that we do not fall into a similar position—it being too late.

- “*For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.*” - Romans 15:4 KJV

Studying Christ's will and understanding that He aims to write His character (expressed by the ***Ten Commandments***) on our hearts that we may choose to do all His commandments, through His strength, is our duty(Eccle 12:13).
Friend, that passage speaks of the ***UN-fallen*** angels who are all watching to see how God will make mercy and judgement meet. How will He fulfill the requirement of the law being transgressed(truth), but yet still being merciful(mercy). The Cross—and it's proceeding work, as expressed through the Sanctuary.

- “*Mercy and truth are met together; righteousness and peace have kissed each other.*” - Psalms 85:10 KJV
So... Are you saying fallen angels can receive redemption? 
The Scriptures are totally silent on this question, so anything said would be conjecture and speculative theology; but we can *hope* for it.
Fair enough, but why would we want to hope for it?
Why hope that in the end *all* evil is reconciled to God through his love, and literally *everything* he has made is one with him, instead of their being a pocket somewhere in creation where caged evil continued to rebel against him? I think the question I posed here kind of answers itself.

Happiness comes with service

Pretty simple question, I just want to see how God is using his people across the internet in his church, what ministries are you involved in? Personally I'm leading a Children's worship team at my church were kids ages 7-13 join a band and lead worship Sunday mornings for this kids program. But what about you all?
I was leading a [Disciple](http://www.amazon.com/dp/0687783496/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_NXopxb12Z0TXJ) class at my church for a while. As well as helping out with the church middle school youth group when I can. I've had to step back a little from helping out as much as I want to. I had hopes of starting a community game night at one point. Hard to put one together when I'm the only one pushing for it. 

I've volunteered with cleaning up during the week, taking care of the prayer path last year. I'm always willing to help out what I can. 
At the church I attend:

I'm the tech guy at church. Currently we're out of musicians so this involves playing piped music for the hymns, projecting the lyrics and Bible passages and recording the service then burning it to CD.

I lead our midweek Bible study about half the time.  This started after Christmas and I get very little feedback so I guess I'm doing ok at it.  Our pastor has been off sick, which prompted me starting, and the other deacons haven't said anything either way to me about my performance.

I run a coffee morning on a Saturday once a month, which was designed so people who can't make Tuesday coffee mornings could  do a bit of outreach.  

I've struggled keeping negative comments out of each of those. I don't know if I'm effective at any of them, or if they're worthwhile.

Not at the church I attend:

I'm in the core team for our local X:Site, which is a kids thing and is excellent.

I mentor my friend's son, who is a believer but has autism so struggles with standard services.  

I'm in the local branch of the Gideons.

I have a spare house which is for God.  God told me and my wife to buy a house, it doesn't have a permanent or full time use at the moment, but it has been used fruitfully.  We run a house group there on a Friday evening which is just catching up with each other, singing and praying. It's awesome.

I'm currently making a website for the churches in my town, aimed at helping people find a church and sharing information between the churches in the hope that it'll increase unity, and as a tool for pointing people to a relevant church when revival comes.

There's some other stuff but it's only occasional.


I like this, it makes it very clear that God and Jesus are completely separate beings.

This is disturbing, I didn't think we had pushed the boundaries on euthenasia to this point.

The poor girl.. To think everyone felt that killing herself was the best or only option at that point. It actually makes me a little angry.

My spouse was also a victim of such abuse when he was a child. He also suffers traumas from it. He has seen my recent interest in reading the bible and wants to start reading with me. He said he hopes it helps him become closer to god and farther from the demons that have control over him. I am excited for him to learn about gods love.

It's sad the only help this girl probably ever got was drugs and some guy asking her how she feels.
[1 Corinthians 15:26] [Revelation 20:14] /u/versebot
[**1 Corinthians 15:26 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1 Corinthians+15&version=ESV)

>[**26**] The last enemy to be destroyed is death. 

[**Revelation 20:14 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation+20&version=ESV)

>[**14**] Then Death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4iwntc/sex_abuse_victim_in_her_20s_allowed_by_doctors_to/d32cv79} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4iwntc/sex_abuse_victim_in_her_20s_allowed_by_doctors_to/d32cv79} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
I know the term "Faith" may require belief in things not seen or measurable in scientific terms. But are there some aspects of rational thinking that must be rejected in order to be Christian?
I have faith that the sun will come up tomorrow.  I have faith that H2O is water.  I have faith that math works. I have faith that atoms exist, and will continue to hold together for just a little longer.  I have faith that there is breathable oxygen in this room.  I can't really prove these things, but I accept them as true.  Now if they can be proved, great!  And that is how I feel about my God.  I believe he exists.  I believe he is faithful.  I have past experience that this is true, but it cannot be proven to be fact, at least not with the scientific equipment within my reach.
[Hebrews 11:1] /u/versebot
First, I'm glad discussion (two way conversation) is happening. This subreddit is pretty darn good.

My $.02: Jesus. I believe this guy walked, talked, predicted his death and resurrection, then actually died and was resurrected, thus validating what he said. I believe that's a historical story, not a myth or tall tale.

That creates a lense of understanding for me to view many things. If Jesus told the truth, then there is in fact a heaven and hell. Angels are real, the devil is real, sin is real, miracles did happen and pending revelation is real. These are figures we have no proof of (nobody has proven the devil to exist in the 'scientific method' type of way), but that doesn't invalidate the possibility (and to Christians, certainty) that Satan is real.

So to directly address your question: I don't think you have to abandon rational thinking to be a Christian. I'd encourage you to check out Mere Christianity by CS Lewis, who is arguably one of the most rationally thinking writers available to study.
No not at all, I would contend Christianity is the most, if not the only religion that puts any stock in rational thinking.

**Isaiah 28:10**

**10 For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:**

**1 Thessalonians 5:21**

**21 Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.**
Steps to becoming a Christian 
1. Download a copy of the Bible
2. Read a couple verses
3. Cut off your children's foreskin 
4. Attend weekly mass
5. $$$

Solid business model
Yes. They are called the Christian Mysteries. Unfortunately you can't have a rational discussion with a Christian over the Christian mysteries because they have been trained NOT to think about them, and that questioning them is the work of Satan.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes, pretending that we know everything and that everything is perfectly "rational" as we would prefer to define it.  
  
In other words, believing in God must start as the assumption. If God exists, then those events in the Bible make perfect sense. Unnatural events are perfectly rational in a world with a supreme being.  
  
If, however, you assume the existence of God as irrational, then everything in the Bible is utter irrational nonsense.

Yes I think one must consider the source for their understanding of truth. 

>I have faith that the sun will come up tomorrow

Yes you do but you also believe that is the sun is somehow more special on you that people who believe differently. To me when one thinks they are "special" just for saying I'm this or I'm that - well you are in for a rude awakening. We are all humans subject to same ups and downs. When we die I don't think it is rational for each person to think they are going to heaven and people from other religion go to hell 
You can demonstrate the factual nature of all of those observations.

Faith is that which is believed without evidence.
[**Hebrews 11:1 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Hebrews+11&version=ESV)

>

>**By Faith**  
[**1**] Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Devs](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/issues) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/Team-VerseBot/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot/) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://adamgrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^7m0b1l3 ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4hqogl/does_being_a_christian_make_one_abandon_some/d2sm7wc} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={https://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/4hqogl/does_being_a_christian_make_one_abandon_some/d2sm7wc} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
I can't help but think people believe in scientific impossibilities mainly because other people do. Or they try and twist it to make it seem like it is scientifically possible or a rational belief. I can see how uneducated people believe this story as a fact but not anybody with sense. 

I don't like the idea of blaming Satan for the evil that men do. Why do people like to make up stories? I don't really know but I think each religion says they have the real book from God - Hindu, Muslim, Christian and countless others have fab stories that each swear is the real thing. 

All things being equal we should admit that Jesus is not coming back to rapture anything. It is just a nice comforting story. But I understand that people think it shows devotion to say they believe but when it actually becomes part of your psyche you simply become deluded like any person who is fanatical about something that just does not exist. 

There are good morals and Christians do nice things. But I can never believe Jesus will come back and save you instead of a Hindu. And I don't really believe you believe it either. There is nothing in your real experience to support such as fantastic story of magical happenings. 
But to believe for example that a person can be born without a father seems irrational and against common sense. I don't know anyone who does not have a father. 
Win Win. 
That makes sense. And even if all logic and common sense shows that Jesus won't come back on a cloud, in a cloud, or by a cloud, it is simply one of satan's tricks!
I appreciate your comments. It is not what I consider rational. I am sure there are Hindu, Muslim, and and people with guru who have same experience that point to their deity. And of course there are 1000's and 1000's of people who never heard of Jesus who live and died in Americas and Africa. They have their own deity and have no relation to the translation of Bible you read and interpretation you make. I am sure the Jehovah Witnesses don't even think you are going to heaven. They think you have false religion. So that is rational thought for you. 

I don't think religion is based on rational thought. In fact if I were a religionist I would say that I don't accpept rational thought - because you really don't. But "irrational" has a bad stigma. Is it rational to part the Red Sea? Of course not. Twist and spin as you may miracles are metaphysical or beyond physics as explained by science.  
I thought you may find this thread interesting as well :
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/4n90a7/was_there_slavery_in_heaven_how_did_the_various/
>100 thousand ton stone in Iraq (Babylon)

citation please? The largest I could source is ~ 1200 tons, 2 orders of magnitude smaller than your claim.
I think we can twist facts to suit any argument we like. UFO's , Ghosts, Gods, Demons, Bigfoot. But it is just the twisting of facts. It is not really using critical thinking. Usually uneducated people think this way. 
What does all that matter as to what is said now?
No. I know you are trying to find some sort of objective meaning to life. I hope you find it - and not simply adopt a school of thought other humans developed long before you were born. Nobody knows anymore than you do. And you simply are agreeing with some mix of philosophy and some sects of Christianity. The desire for some social interaction can be seen in a litter of kittens. But kittens are as close to understanding ultimate reality as humans are. Nobody has the tools. 

EDIT:

it is better to admit that we just don't know that make up stories that defy any rational thought and reject critical thinking. 
This idea is something you were probably taught as a youngster. You certainly were introduced to the idea of a God before you really had the critical thinking skills to question this fantasy. Sure there may be a ultimate source but to think he selected you special is pure narcism. As if God loves you better than the rest. It is not wisdom. Everything you think is from god was conjured up long time ago. 

I know your religious circle may mean much to you with social arrangements. It is hard to give them up. Like a drug you tried it once to fit in and then you became psychologically addicted. You may be Christian or Hindu or whatever but it was not your idea. While there is still time I hope you can live your own life and not the life that someone else thought up. Best to you. And if you decide to stay Christian at least understand you are not better than anybody who is Hindu or a Jew. They are simply man made ideas that have some good and some bad. But originality is better way to live.  
Do you as a Christian feel that you are worshiping God in a better way than a Hindu? Or are you a special denomination that has best insight into what Jesus wants for humanity? 

Lets assume that there is no God. would you know it based on the reasons you think God exists? 


[deleted]
I'll agree that 'world religions' is not a small topic. There are many belief systems, heck there are even extinct ones. And there are good and poor reasons for believing in each of them. I hope that "I believe this because, after my research, I think it happened" is a good reason.

My hope for your takeaway from our interaction is to see this: Christians believe those odd things because of the Jesus story. It is what legitimizes those odd ideas (Satan, good/evil, sin, etc.).

If this Jesus story is true, that's wonderful news as it shows we have a God who loved us so much, he sent His son as a willing sacrifice for us. It's also scary because we believe, at some point, we'll have to face God's judgement (the creator of the universe). Thankfully this Jesus guy said "It's OK God, I can vouch for MBMathersIII and I took his punishment. He followed me whole-heartedly, so let him in."

Keep asking questions. I'd still encourage you check out at least chapter 1 of Mere Christianity by CS Lewis. It tackles some of your points directly (and much better than we can).
I would argue that the existence of an all-powerful being is not that hard to rationalize.  It makes more sense to me than living in the secular world, having no ultimate moral authority and/or no intelligent design.
Lol Jesus has a Father if that's what you're wondering.

**John 10:30**

**30 I and my Father are one.**
[deleted]
You ask questions, but let's just admit it, this is not yet a conversation. How about you? Does purely rational thinking bring any joy or happiness? 
  
Rational thinking is great, but it brings nothing to the table when you are staring death in the face. We don't call for philosophers when we are on our death bed, we call upon our friends and family.  

Yes I would. There is actually plenty of real evidence that The Judeo Christian God is real and the stories in both religions are real. A large number of biblical prophesies that have to come to pass, a huge number of people who have had near death experiences and seen/met Jesus or Hell, as well as my own personal miracles and seeing prayer actually work. There is nothing irrational or illogical about my belief in Jesus, but on the contrary. 
When you say to Jesus "why is that Jew in heaven with us Christians? The Bible says they will be in hell!" then Jesus will say "Wut??"
>  "I believe this because, after my research, I think it happened" is a good reason.

Basically most people get invested in a belief system and they don't like to let go. 

>If this Jesus story is true

What if the Krishna story is true? Or the Zoroaster story? It seems that most Christian theology requires one to reject other religions and declare that your religion is the best. That seem to me to encourage bigoted behavior. How do you teach a Christian child to respect a Hindu child when you must tell the kid that the Hindu is worshiping a false God? You really need to twist and turn to justify this. It is confusing for a child and to me flat wrong to plant this type of bigotry into a mind that can't really balance the facts with critical thought at a tender age.   
>It makes more sense to me 

Yes but than does not mean it is rational. Your understanding can be limited or flat wrong. Maybe you don't understand the meaning of common sense ? Or rational thinking? It is not simply your personal idea but rather what is considered rational by definition. What is rational 2000 years ago is not always rational now. 

Do you really believe the idea of Satan is a rational idea? Seriously? 
I think you may need to see if you are really believing some transcendent reality or simply some outdated translation that has the same reality as the sand man or similar childhood stories. 

Just like race has been used to crush the soul out of people so has religion. 

It may all be true. Jesus being the only way to truth but it could be wrong as well. That is rational. 
OK see you in heaven. 
I would say I am more of an [Absurdist that anything else. You probably are as well.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absurdism) 
> Does purely rational thinking bring any joy or happiness?

It can often. If I want to ride a bicycle on the beach I need to rationally think how can I accomplish this as I enjoy it. I can't simply pray that God will give me a bike and take me to the beach. I must rationally plan to work to make money and go to the beach to enjoy. This is rational to me. 

But to me the purpose of rational thinking is to come to some basic truths if we are discussing "reality." A Hindu may say that Krishna is God because Gita says so. Or a Jew may say Jesus is not from God because it does not say that in Torah. OK these are all people thinking this is rational conclusions. So if you were born in small town in Pakistan you probably would be Muslim if your family is Muslim. Is that rational?


I don't see any kind of proof to suggest that Jesus could be born without a father. It does not seem rational to me. That kind of thinking is not taught in any major medical Universities that I know of for human biology. It sounds like a story taken literally when the same story has been told over and over time and again in other cultures.
[deleted]
First, I am grateful that we're having this dialogue.

I won't argue with your first point. There are many people who get anchored to a belief and (for various reasons) hold on to it. Many don't even test it. They do choose it based on family expectations or surroundings.

I would agree with you: to be Christian is to believe there's one path to heaven (Jesus), and everyone goes to heaven or hell (no third destination). There is certainly a spiritual realm (demons, spirits, angels, false gods).

I am grateful to live in the USA, where nobody is forced to follow a religion. Reflecting on history, it's clear that The State should not enforce religion. That should be a private matter, which it is. I cannot force you to do anything, but I can offer my beliefs (just because we disagree doesn't mean one party may be right and the other wrong). I would hope to teach a child how to interact with others in a similar way I'm interacting with you: with love, with honest and with respect. There are certainly Christian people who do this poorly.
Do you feel comfortable applying rationality to the concept of love? What about feelings in general?

There are things that exist and that cannot be measured scientifically. 
Edit: Said the same thing twice.
 I think this is where rational thought comes in handy, for it's okay if you just don't know.  We all here have been born into ignorance into an irrational world at an irrational time. So it only makes sense some are curious and investigate and to investigate the truth one must use rational thought building precept on precept, truth upon truth.  Constantly trialing and refining reality to find what is goodly golden and what is true.

**Psalm 12:6**

**6 The words of the Lord are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.**
Except we can, and have, literally traced back the bible word for word back to biblical times. It's not some outdated translation, or that it's been changed over time. There are different versions, some being more a word for word translation (NASB being the second closest word for word of the original Hebrew/Greek text). Then others that are more thought for thought. Which is where things get tricky. Some of those are good, as they're just put into different words for easier understanding, while others aren't. However to claim the bible is or has been changed is ignorant. People don't believe it for no reason. It's been proven time and time again. 
Here's a good question, is anything wrong?  
  
If some things are wrong, is it only wrong depending upon your culture? Is there no ultimate right and wrong? If not, how do we find a basis on which to discuss?
Of course it's not rational to you. You don't believe in a God who has the power to create the universe and create man by breathing into him. You don't believe in a god who has the power to split the ocean in half and create a path wide enough for the Hebrew slaves to escape Egypt. If you dont believe in these things, of course you won't believe in the possibility of a God who is powerful enough to impregnate a women by no sexual intercourse. 

So now, is this irrational or illogical to believe that these things happened on their own? Maybe. But like I said, God didn't just give us these things at face value, he's given us evidence through the ages. From a scientific standpoint as well, check out reasons.org. This organization is founded by a group of astrophysicists, biologists, and many other types of scientists who believe in God and show outstanding evidence for God. Many of them actually found their faith on accident while going about their studies.
I was implying you may want to ask for clarification. 
> to be Christian is to believe there's one path to heaven (Jesus), and everyone goes to heaven or hell (no third destination). There is certainly a spiritual realm (demons, spirits, angels, false gods).

I don't see how this could be considered a rational conclusion after gathering all the facts available to people living in USA with internet. It is not scientific or supportable by any evidence that can't be explained in thousands of other ways. And indeed I assume considering all the 100s and 1000s of religions thee are other explanations that people consider rational from their POV. 

> I would hope to teach a child how to interact with others in a similar way I'm interacting with you: with love, with honest and with respect. 

If you tell a 6 year old kid that his friend is going to hell because their family has a different religion .... well that does not seem loving in anyway I can see. But thanks for your comment. I hope you don't tell your kids that all Jews are going to hell.

Love is funny. It can be based on a lie. For example there is a couple married and the wife is in love with the husband still after 20 years of marriage! She would do anything for her devoted husband. Then one day she finds out the husband is really her brother ( separated at birth ) and that he is having an affair. All in one moment the love changes into horrific disgust. So love is not rational all the time. Same with feelings. 

I think if I was Christian I would say that being a Christian requires me to accept the truth as revealed in Bible over concepts or rational thought as accepted in general. 

Why try and twist facts? It is always best to admit that the idea of a Jesus coming down from heaven is not logical or rational. If you say it is you really have no idea. You have been drinking the kool aide and creating your own dream world.   
Well I hope you are right. It would be nice if Jesus came back floating down from heaven and taking you to eternal paradise. I know you feel a sense of love and faith by telling yourself it will happen. But it won't. So many people have deluded themself with same delusion and it never happened.  
Yes I think you have a rational point. wink wink. Thanks for the comments.
> Of course it's not rational to you.

I guess everybody has a totally different idea of what is rational. But it is strange how you have been selected by God over so many people. I think it is just the human ego that is in denial of just being human. You live and you die. All else is speculation. 

I think if you believe this Jesus story, it's the only rational conclusion you could reach. If you don't believe the story, it would make perfect sense that you don't believe anything else in the new testament.

You haven't asked any of us a question you couldn't have just Googled/researched on your own. These are 2,000+ year old topics with plenty of material. What is it you want?
Let's turn this the other way around; Non-religious people are religious in the sense that they believe that they can be their own moral authority and derive a meaning (of life) from themselves. Rationality cannot even stand on its own in the post-modern world. 

The secular world's every effort, every realization, construction, achievement, everything will be inevitably forgotten and disappear in time and space. Existence is but a short blip on the radar, completely meaningless. 

What good is rationality is such a context? 
Hilarious
Oh you think I have a Calvinist view on salvation. I believe everyone has a totally equal chance of being saved, if that wasn't so, why would we have free will? Calvinists (reformed) will come up with some confusing, twisted, unscriptural explanation on how one can have free will, yet be predestined/controlled by God at the same time. This is illogical and irrational. So if your base is Calvinism/reformed for Christianity, then i absolutely agree with the irrationality of Christianity. Many different denominations of Christianity are illogical and irrational as well, because they are not following the bible truly...
Ok good for you. I hope to see you in heaven and we can work it all out. 
Yes that is interesting. But some things just don't mesh with reality in any sense of real experience. How can people really expect to see Jesus coming on a cloud to take good people to heaven. It just seems like it is impossible and I don't know how anyone can really convince their brain it could ( or will ) happen. 

>Non-religious people are religious in the sense that they believe that they can be their own moral authority and derive meaning from themselves.

Not all think this way. The need for a "morality" seems to be based in morality itself. 

>they believe that they can be their own moral authority and derive meaning from themselves. 

Lots of people just don't think deeply about the meaning of life and all that. As humans we just don't have the tools to understand reality. Maybe we need about 100 senses ( instead of 5 ) to start to comprehend all the things going on around us. Science and religion both feel a need to explain some things that I think are beyond the human brain's ability to comprehend. If I put an 8 month year old baby in front of my laptop she just can only understand some aspects of what it does. That is how I see humans. Always have an understanding that makes sense to our own limited intellect. 

But if you get comfort from your POV about Jesus Christ then more power to you. I just think it is a deep form of self deception. Humans tend to think their religion is the real one. Or their country is the moral one or their race is superior. It is just a human superiority thing. Just like an alpha dog. It takes charge or property and food. And sex. Humans are basically the same. 
If you think everyone has a totally equal chance at salvation, what are your thoughts on unbaptized babies who die? The mentally incompetent that cannot except jesus? What about isolated or aboriginal people who have never had a chance to hear the word?

I'm not criticizing, i'm just wondering how it works in your view without things like purgatory to handle the edge cases. 

Quote relevant:
An Inuit hunter asked the local missionary priest: ‘If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?’ ‘No, god is full of mercy and would not punish you for ignorance', said the priest,  ‘Then why,’ asked the Inuit earnestly, ‘did you tell me?’ — Annie Dillard


God doesn't have this kind of alpha dog mentality (thank God?). 

"But I say, walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh". (GA 5:16)

"(...) Do not be worried about your life, as to what you will eat or what you will drink; nor for your body, as to what you will put on. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing"? (Ma 6:26)

"But he said to me, "My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness." Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ's power may rest on me". (2 Cor 12:9)

Thanks for the chat, friend! :)
I'm engaged to a man I've been with for three years, and he's truly the love of my life. He's a Christian just like the rest of my family, and he converted about a year and a half ago. I've always felt that as a women, I have been treated differently then guys, and not in a good way. I have had multiple experiences where I will give a good friend a piece of advice, but they will only take it seriously if it is then reiterated by a guy. My voice has been overshadowed by that of my father, fiancé, and male friends or men in general all of my life, and I've seen it happen to my Christian mom, too. My voice and opinion as a woman was always inferior to that of a guy's, and it feels like it still is. Hence my sensitivity towards the Bible's/Christian's/God's stance on the role of women. Now, coming up on a bit of a shot-gun wedding (we were engaged before, but the wedding date was moved up substantially), I've started really struggling in my heart and soul about the Christian view on marriage. I was struggling with this before the plans for the wedding were in motion, but these worries and fears became substantially more frantic when the wedding date got moved up, and I had less time to organize my thought on it before the wedding day... The wedding is in less that a week, and lately, my fiancé and I have been clashing on the subject of what a good and/or Christian marriage should look like. And today, because of the sermon I heard this morning (on 1 Peter Ch. 3), and because of an awkward and depressing situation between my Dad and the pastor, where I was constantly interrupted by them in a "conversation" about the wedding (I hardly got a single sentence out because the pastor, who I am already uncomfortable around, and my Dad, simply did not let me get a word out and were constantly talking over me, despite an invitation to talk and discuss plans), because of these factors, I was confronted again for the thousandth time this week of sexism in my own relationships with men, in the Bible, and within the Christian church. I listened and watched as my Dad made light of my mom's horrible experience at her own wedding, and it almost seemed as if he were making fun of her to the pastor. Who took it lightly and also started questioning my mom's decision and joked about her (implied) confused and delusional state at the time (23 years ago, he didn't know either of them and currently just knows my dad because my mom attends a Catholic church). The pastor and my Dad are both very Godly men, and that is why I find this instance so disturbing, because it really reinforces the idea that sexism is so engrained in Christianity that even the Godliest among men can jokingly degrade women without being frowned upon by other Godly men.  As for what the Bible says about marriage and women, aside from my own anecdotes, that a wife, as the "weaker vessel" (1 Peter 3:7) should submit to her husband, even if he treats her poorly (1 Peter 3:1-2). Yes, I read also read the rest of verse 7, where he says that men should also honor their wives, but that seems immediately refuted when Peter calls women the weaker vessel. And that women's submissive behavior should act as her testimony for God, her grace and humility shall be indicative with her wisdom. I have struggled with my worth as a female for years and years, and it is now reaching it's peak. And I do want to embrace Christianity, but I keep stumbling over the array of verses that imply as a woman, I should be submissive to my husband and see him as "the head of me and the family" just like Jesus is head of the church. The Greek word for submission, "hyptasso" means: to arrange under, to subordinate; to subject, put in subjection; to subject one’s self, obey; to submit to one’s control; to yield to one’s admonition or advice; to obey, be subject. This word is used in the same context when we are told in the New Testament for "slaves, submit to your masters". If a man is only subject to the leadership of God, the law, and his boss, why should a woman be subject to all of those things as well as her own husband, at all times? I understand there needing to be a leader during a time of crisis. Leaders arise during times of adversity, but are not necessary in times of peace, in my opinion. But the Bible tells me I should ALWAYS submit to my husband. I want to be a leader. Not THE leader, but A leader. The fact that I never should or can be a leader within a Christian relationship sickens me to my stomach and my heart. It is humiliating and degrading. I want to be important. I want to be valuable. But I feel as if all of those thing are undermined by the Bible's depiction of what a women's role in marriage should be. My heart is broken about it. I've cried about it too many times to count. The one thing that should be healing my hurting soul (God) keeps on telling me that I should not question my husband or be independent or even desire to be valuable. That I should never presume to advise or educate my husband even when he is doing something wrong or unjust. I love my fiancé, I really truly do, but he's embraced this patriarchal definition of a Christian relationship with such enthusiasm that I cry when I think about him rejoicing over my lack of equality in the marriage. This was never a problem until he became a Christian. We were undisputed equals before he came to God. I feel that he is mildly sexist whenever we talk about it, and he proclaims it as being a beautiful depiction of marriage even though he knows that I am so, so, soooo indescribably broken over this. I feel worthless and all I hear from my Christian family and fiancé is that I shouldn't be worried, that it all just makes sense. When I talk to Christian women about this, they are so unnervingly happy to be submissive to their husbands, and so not a single Christian person understands the soul struggle I am going through right now. I am not a subject, so why should I be subjugated? I am a strong woman, why do I need to be lead by a man? I feel that my fiancé says sexist things under the guise of being a good Christian man, and the other day he was defining himself as a feminist. He will never, ever understand my struggle or the pain I feel if he thinks he's standing up for my rights by asserting himself as my leader. Please help, I am in a crisis, and when I read my Bible, it only makes me feel even worse about myself and my role in my upcoming marriage, and even my role in the world. I have never been so depressed about my sex as I have been in my journey as a young Christian woman, and that really says a lot about how emotionally damaging this issue is to me. Every word in the Bible was written with a reason and a definite purpose, so when people tell me that men and women are equal, I really do think it is contradictory to a number of other verses in the Bible saying otherwise. I feel the Bible is full of contradictions on this subject. 

Please help me!
First of all: You ARE important. You ARE valuable. 

It is so unfortunate that you are encountering these negative situations regarding how men around you are acting. There is no excuse to treat someone, especially your future wife, disrespectfully. To echo other posters here, it is unfortunate to see men abuse their spiritual headship in this manner.

You have an excellent biblical understanding on marriage. Trust in God that he set up the marriage arrangement the way it it supposed to be. These positional and relationships will be the most be fulfilling way to live as it is in accordance with God's plan, 
not mans.

If you are not married yet you are not subject to the positional nor spiritual headship of your fiancee yet. This would be the time to discuss whether he can act accordingly or not. Ask him to use Jesus as an example in your relationship and future marriage and point out how you are feeling right now. Yes, Jesus is King, the head of church, and we are all subject to him, but he never treats his people with disrespect. In fact he is the model of sacrifice and humility as well as power and leadership. 
Equality and egalitarian are separate ideas here. Spiritual headship is the wording... And along with the idea that there is mutual submission to Christ, we should get a different picture of husband headship. It is loving servanthood, like Christ serves. It is not meant to be cruel, demeaning, or detract from the glory of women.

You are not alone in these struggles, even though it may certainly feel like it. Read the story of Deborah, Elizabeth, and Abigail. These are not simpering females. The Bible makes no apologies for their personalities nor minimized their roles.
Read Luke 1. This is an example of a Godly woman, Elizabeth who was by no measure a weak-willed person. She wasn't afraid to say what the Holy Spirit led her to say (very loudly) to Mary and she wasn't afraid to to say no to all of the people in her house when they wanted to call her son Zechariah Jr.

Read Judges 4 & 5. Deborah was a prophet of God and by no means weak-willed. She was married and I believe that her relationship with her husband had to be correct for God to use her. Now. There isn't anything said about her husband, but it does say that people came to HER to have their disputes settled. Now, was she A leader? Yes, she was a judge. Was she a king or head of her household? no. She was married, so in her life I believe her head of household (the person with the last say in things concerning her family) was her husband, but that didn't mean she was LESS than him. In fact, she has two chapters about her in the Bible and he has none. She was to be humble in front of God and in front of her husband, but when God spoke through her, people listened. Her humility gave her power, you see what I'm saying? They were strong-willed women who made God's will, their will. 

The Bible teaches humility before God to men too, but we tend to be more stubborn so it included a LOT more examples for us. :P In fact the Bible is rife with examples of humility or lack there of. There are hundreds, but let's look at the most important one. Jesus. Read Isaiah 53. 


> "He was oppressed and afflicted,
>     yet he did not open his mouth;
> he was led like a lamb to the slaughter,
>     and as a sheep before its shearers is silent,
>     so he did not open his mouth."

This is Jesus, King of Kings, Lord of Lords. A lamb. He was a MAN who showed total humility before the will of His Father and died for those who deserved no such thing. He is an example that humility has to be in all Christians: man, woman or child. This humility is one of the things that shows people we are who we claim to be, and that is why 1 Peter 3:1 is important, it tells women who converted to Christ; to show their husbands an example. Here is a form of evangelism that (I believe) has led to at least thousands of saved souls. I have heard so many testimonies of husbands who converted when they saw that their wife was "glowing, peaceful, and loving when I deserved no such thing." Sound familiar? 

These woman did not think for a second that THEY were the ones that deserved power and recognition, but rather KNEW that GOD did, does, and will in the future. They gave HIM glory, and He gave THEM glory. That doesn't make them weak, no that makes them strong.

Now. Concerning your father and pastor. THEY ARE HUMAN. Just because they are "Godly" doesn't mean what they do is always right in God's eyes. If they are mocking you, they are not fulfilling what God told THEM to do, which was to treat you with care and love. Saying that women are a weaker vessel just says that they require that care and love, just as a husband requires that attention and respect. It is not good for EITHER OF THEM to be independent but rather good for both of them to be INTERDEPENDENT. They rely on each other, and fill in each others weaknesses. Not less but different. Do not look at people for they will ALWAYS disappoint, but rather look to God. Talk to Him, read the letter He wrote for you, and seek to be with Him always. He is greater than you might think. :D
Thanks so much everyone. You've all helped tremendously and I'm glad there's this kind of support within the Christian community. For some reason, the people close to me weren't very understanding, so your responses have all been very up lifting. Thank you!
I think you've been given a bad picture of what God wants for men and women in Christ. There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus. Also, the Bible says submit to one another out of reverence for Christ. It says that right before one of the most famous passages used to keep women down. The reason it isn't added to the rest is because some man decided to put that verse in the previous section and not the following one. The chapter titles were not put in there by Paul, fyi. Also many passages translated man could just as easily be translated man and woman, but the male Bible translators decided not to. (I'm simplifying what is honestly a vast and complicated subject here.)

You should read Nadia Bolz-Weber and Rachel Held Evans if you want some good female role models in the church. Also, have a serious talk with your fiance before the wedding. Weddings don't fix problems they magnify them. And try to find a local church that fits you well. There are all kinds of flavors within christiandom.
He really is because He gave it all. He actually died completely innocent for us because of his love for us. If a husband models Jesus, no greater leader could be had.
Dude totally. My wife and I keep about as equal as a relationship as possible. We come to an agreement on things together, but if one of us absolutely needs to take command on certain things, it's me. Many men like to misinterpret what the Bible says about leadership in the family for their own testosterone induced power cravings. Love is NOT about power. 
Focus on God. Read the Bible. Talk to Him. Develop a relationship day by day. It sounds so simple, but our sinful nature and the devil don't want us to, so it makes these simple things so hard to do. Jesus made everything so simple to serve him, there is just some effort from our part required. Salvation is free to all who believe, but after being freed, don't choose to return to bondage. May God bless you, and help you with these struggles that you are facing.
I second that. Although I am not at all in her kind of situation, I want to try to relate. In my family, I have witnessed a lot of instances when my father would act condescendingly and perhaps insultingly towards my mother. Growing up, I always thought that this kind of behavior was inappropriate. Any relationship should have respect and mutual sacrifice as core values. 

Someone once told me that all men want to be put on a pedestal, expecting to be treated as such in their relationships. This is foolish. 

[2 Corinthians 12:9]  
Yes!! 2 Corinthians 12:9-10 is perfect! That passage is about a man that but talks to ALL Christians!
If you are willing to spend about 3 minutes doing an online observation test for an experiment I am doing (plus one similar test next month too) please email me (no need to expose your identity) -> therationaliser@gmail.com

You simply have to look at a picture, listen to about 4 seconds of audio, and then answer a question (there are 4 questions in total)

It's an experiment for a video I am making about the Quran, but I really need people who haven't ready it many times (or at all).
What's the deadline? 
The test only takes about 4 minutes (probably shorter) so I am hoping to find people to do it within the next week
Revelation 1:7-8  Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.
Ezekiel 38:

Intro: 	Ezekiel 37 tells us about the restoration of Israel and starting in this chapter continuing through chapter48 the Lord gives Ezekiel the prophetic details of how it is going to come about. What has become known as the Ezekiel 38 war has not happened yet and is still in our future.

Like all Bible prophecy we cannot pinpoint the timing for this war, but we know it must happen before the “son of perdition” (Antichrist) confirms a treaty with Israel starting Daniel’s 70th week and after what is called the Psalm 83 war. 

It is the outcome of the Ezekiel 38 war that sends all the nations running to sign onto a peace treaty with Israel (that starts Daniel’s 70th week). The nations realize it is in their best interest to live in peace with Israel because God has made in known to the world that He is still the God of Israel, still in total control, and the children of Israel are still His chosen people. 

>1-2 Now the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Son of man, set your face against Gog, of the land of Magog, the prince of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal, and prophesy against him,

Gog is a supernatural being, a very high ranking fallen angel (Daniel 10: 13 & 20-21). Magog was a son of Japheth and grandson of Noah who settled in central Asia, his descendants, the Scythians, are the ancestors of today's Russian people. Meshech and Tubal are brothers of Magog also grandsons of Noah and settled in present day Georgia and Turkey. Rosh (NKJV) means head or chief.

>3 "and say, 'Thus says the Lord GOD: "Behold, I am against you, O Gog, the prince of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal.

The KJV reads:

>3 And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:

This is the region of southwestern Russia, Georgia, eastern Turkey, Armenia, and Azerbaijan. Rosh which means head or chief is translated chief in the KJV.

>4 "I will turn you around, put hooks into your jaws, and lead you out, with all your army, horses, and horsemen, all splendidly clothed, a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords.

When a land was conquered in ancient times the people taken back to the victor’s homeland to be slaves had a hook put through their jaw and were strung together in single file to keep them from escaping and with a simple tug on the rope you could keep them submissive. 

The Lord is ready to judge Gog and his people, God will ‘put hooks” in the jaws of Gog and his people and lead them to their judgment. The Lord will use His judgment on Gog and his people to accomplish His will for Israel and all the nations.

>5 "Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya are with them, all of them with shield and helmet;

This is not what we call modern day Ethiopia, but is the region in and around present day Sudan. Persia is present day Iran, Cush and Put were brothers and sons of Ham. Cush is the region of Sudan and Put is the region of Libya. 

>6 "Gomer and all its troops; the house of Togarmah from the far north and all its troops—many people are with you.

Gomer another son of Japheth, a brother of Magog, and grandson of Noah, settled in the area of western Turkey. Togarmah was a son of Gomer and represents the Armenians and southeast Turkey.

>7 "Prepare yourself and be ready, you and all your companies that are gathered about you; and be a guard for them.

The Lord still speaking through Ezekiel warns Gog of Magog (Russia) to guard his alliance (Russia being the leader of the alliance and having the needed air power to cover such an advance). This large alliance of nations that will unite after the Psalm 83 war under Russia’s leadership to destroy Israel  includes Turkey, Iran, Azerbaijan, Libya, Armenia, Sudan, and others. 

>8 After many days you will be visited. In the latter years you will come into the land of those brought back from the sword and gathered from many people on the mountains of Israel, which had long been desolate; they were brought out of the nations, and now all of them dwell safely.

This war will not happen until after Israel is gathered back into the land “In the latter years” and all of Israel is dwelling safely.
 Only after the Psalm 83 war when Israel decimates all of her current enemies around her and takes back all of the land God gave her will Israel be able to dwell safely. This is why there is no mention of Israel’s current enemies; Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, Hamas, Hezbollah, the Palestinians and others because they are literally wiped out in the Psalm 83 war except for Syria who is destroyed in Isaiah 17. 

>9 “You will ascend, coming like a storm, covering the land like a cloud, you and all your troops and many peoples with you."

Russia, Turkey, Iran, Azerbaijan, Libya, Armenia, Sudan, and others will descend on Israel in a massive invasion.

>10-11 'Thus says the Lord GOD: "On that day it shall come to pass that thoughts will arise in your mind, and you will make an evil plan: You will say, 'I will go up against a land of unwalled villages; I will go to a peaceful people, who dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates'—

We learn even though God put a hook into Gog’s jaw to lead him, it is in fact Gog’s own evil desire to attack and plunder 
Israel. Israel will take back all of her land in the Psalm 83 war and the Jews will return to the land from all the nations. Only
 after Israel destroys her enemies all around her in the Psalm 83 war will they be able to dwell safely. Many Jews will return
 to Israel after the Psalm 83 war to inhabit the freshly acquired land believing it is safe because of the overwhelming defeat
 Israel hands all their surrounding enemies. This sets up the conditions for Ezekiel 38. 

>12 "to take plunder and to take booty, to stretch out your hand against the waste places that are again inhabited, and against a people gathered from the nations, who have acquired livestock and goods, who dwell in the midst of the land.

Israel will develop her land she takes back in the Psalm 83 war becoming a rich and powerful nation with major oil and gas reserves. 

>13 "Sheba, Dedan, the merchants of Tarshish, and all their young lions will say to you, 'Have you come to take plunder? Have you gathered your army to take booty, to carry away silver and gold, to take away livestock and goods, to take great plunder?' " '

Sheba was in the area of present day Yemen. Dedan was in the area of modern day Saudi Arabia. The Phoenicians operated the ships of Tarshish and sailed to England for tin. Since the ships of Tarshish brought tin to the ancient world, the reference to the merchants of Tarshish means Great Britain making the "young lions" of Tarshish Great Britain's colonies, which would include the US among others.

>14 “Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say to Gog, 'Thus says the Lord GOD: "On that day when My people Israel dwell safely, will you not know it?

Only after Israel destroys their enemies all around them in the Psalm 83 war will they be able to dwell safely.

>15 "Then you will come from your place out of the far north, you and many peoples with you, all of them riding on horses, a great company and a mighty army.

Israel will let her guard down believing it is safe after totally destroying all of her enemies in the Psalm 83 war. This is when Russia,
 Turkey, Iran, and the alliance of other nations mentioned will come against Israel.

>16 "You will come up against My people Israel like a cloud, to cover the land. It will be in the latter days that I will bring you
 against My land, so that the nations may know Me, when I am hallowed in you, O Gog, before their eyes."

The Lord will use His Righteous Judgment against Gog and his people as a sign to the world that He is still the God of Israel and He is still in control. The Lord will fight the battle for Israel to prove His existence and power to an unbelieving world including unbelieving Israel. First we were told this will happen in the latter years and now in the latter days meaning yet even closer to the end of days.

>17 'Thus says the Lord GOD: "Are you he of whom I have spoken in former days by My servants the prophets of Israel, who prophesied for years in those days that I would bring you against them?

God through Ezekiel is addressing Gog at the time of his assault; so the former days would be the days of Ezekiel, Daniel, Zechariah, 
and all the OT prophets. This makes it very clear that all the OT prophets were prophesying about the end times.

>18 "And it will come to pass at the same time, when Gog comes against the land of Israel," says the Lord GOD, "that My fury will show in My face.

We know the Lord is longsuffering towards man wishing that none would perish and when His Judgment comes it will be Holy, Righteous, and well deserved.  Gog’s attack on Israel will bring God’s wrath upon him and his armies but the Lord will turn man’s evil desire to plunder Israel into good by bringing the nation of Israel and many in the world back to Him.

>19 "For in My jealousy and in the fire of My wrath I have spoken: 'Surely in that day there shall be a great earthquake in the land of Israel,

God will create a great earthquake in the land to express His anger over man’s evil desire to plunder His people and to make His Presence and Power know to all the nations. This will be a final call to all mankind to come to the Creator of the Universe because time is about to run out.

>20 'so that the fish of the sea, the birds of the heavens, the beasts of the field, all creeping things that creep on the earth, and all men who are on the face of the earth shall shake at My presence. The mountains shall be thrown down, the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.'

This is not just in the land of Israel, this is talking about the entire earth, the Lord is shaking the entire planet and about to wipe out the armies of a dozen or so nations, but we know from Scripture that worldly men will not repent. The worldly scientists will say “blab, blab, blab” and worldly man will say “I believe that” and they will go back to their worldly ways. But many from the nations will come to the Lord Jesus and Israel will come back to belief in their God of the OT. This will be the awakening Israel needs and they will insist on building a Temple to worship God in the ways of old.

>21 "I will call for a sword against Gog throughout all My mountains," says the Lord GOD. "Every man's sword will be against his brother.

God has done this many times to the enemies of Israel throughout history, He causes confusion among Israel’s enemies and they fight against and kill each other. 

>22 "And I will bring him to judgment with pestilence and bloodshed; I will rain down on him, on his troops, and on the many peoples who are with him, flooding rain, great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.

Pestilence probably refers to chemical and biological weapons they use on each other, fire and brimstone from volcanoes released by the massive earthquake and giant hailstones from the disruption of the atmosphere caused by the shaking of the planet.

>23 Thus I will magnify Myself and sanctify Myself, and I will be known in the eyes of many nations. Then they shall know that I am the LORD." '

This will cause many unbelievers to come to the knowledge of Christ and Israel to insist on a Temple so they can worship God, but we know from Scripture that worldly men will continue in their worldly ways. 




Christian rock news, reviews and discusion, been listening almost 2 years now, one of my favorite podcasts every week, subscribe in iTunes or your favorite podcast app, (I use pocketcast on android, if you dont have a podcast app theres many free ones you can try)
My elder brother is a naturally big, 6'2 intelligent man who also plays rugby and is currently an entrepreneur. My smaller brother, is a very handsome artistic kid who has girls swooning by his very presence. Some of my cousins are models yet are very smart and have been accepted to Ivy League schools. On the other hand, there's me. I'm not tall, i'm below average in the looks department and i'm introverted. The only thing i have going for me is that i'm intelligent. It sucks seeing others with so many blessings than you, i just wish God gave me more :/
Bless you for your honesty but God doesn't hand out blessings like candy. 

Your talents are given to you so you can look after the least of His.  

Put your mind to storing up treasures in heaven, not here on earth. 
David was the youngest and smallest of the brothers, and God chose him to be king. I've come to understand that being blessed is having stuff like that being the biggest problem in life. I used to feel that way until recently when a big massive storm came up in my life. That being said Jesus says “So the last shall be first, and the first last."”
‭‭Matthew‬ ‭20:16‬ ‭NASB‬‬ . God has a plan just trust in God and he will direct your paths.
It's hard not to judge yourself based on those around you, or those you perceive as having more of you. Often times it's those who have the least amount of "things" or talents that actually have the most. God uses each of us for his own means, and we are each enough is his eyes, even if we don't feel like it. 

I'd suggest pouring over the word, more specifically:

Philippians 4:19

Philippians 2:13

Among others. Just remember God has given you everything you need, and remember this life isn't about you, but what you can do for him and his kingdom. 
Use the talents that God gave you and more will be entrusted to you. How old are you? When I was in high school I wan insecure about a lot of things and wasn't very sociable. Now I'm 22, and things are way different, I've discovered what I'm good at and have learned to face my fears. Trust in God and work on yourself, you'll get there. 
Read the parable about the rich man giving silver to his servants
Thanks for posting these scripture references in response to a post about envy. It helps to hear what God says, and it really helps to have someone point that out. I'm going to meditate on Philippians 4 this weekend, as I'm going to spend a couple of days out of town at my sister in law's baby shower. I've realized that I'm jealous that she is married and having a baby, being 10 years younger than me. I don't wish any less for her; but I had hoped for more for myself. Going to read this chapter a couple more times before I see her. Thanks again.
You are most welcome. I'm glad I could help. Good luck! 
I'm looking for some daily readings that can take me deeper into verses, particularly cultural aspects, historical aspects, or connections with other parts of the Bible. Currently, I'm using my pastor's daily messages from readings.
My utmost for his highness by Oswald Chambers 

 btw it's free online if you want to check it out and they also have a facebook group but I have it in book version just so I can keep it by the bedside 

http://utmost.org/

Our Daily Bread was the one my dad used to read back when I was a kid, although I don't see them around much anymore, they also have a free website where you can read their materials 

http://odb.org/
Jesus Calling
I also use My Utmost for His Highest. It's a very convicting devotional so if you aren't looking to be challenged, it's not your book. 

I used Jesus Calling for awhile but I needed something more. It's not bad, I just found myself wanting more than Jesus Calling was offering, as my relationship with Jesus was growing. I only spent 10-15 minutes in the Word with Jesus Calling (which is totally fine) but I wanted something a little deeper. 

Hope this helps. 
I realize this isn't a college self-help sub, and I will be speaking to others about this, but I wanted to reach a couple more people that would, hopefully, have some insight on how to deal with this.

I am currently taking a Cultural Anthropology class. The past two classes were entirely devoted to the idea that gender and sexuality are two separate things. This being a very unspecific subreddit, I'm sure some of you hold similar views, but I believe they are the same thing.

Today, on the pop quiz, the first question was a true/false stating they were indeed separate things. Knowing it was the one the teacher disagreed with, I chose false. After class, I asked the professor directly whether or not it would count against my grade considering it is my religious belief. She said it would because it was "wrong according to the textbook" and what she teaches, etc., though I could see she was on the verge of simply stating it was wrong.

I didn't push it much with her and ended the conversation with, "I see" but am wondering if there is anyone in administration that, despite their own views on it, might be able to support my religious standing and keep it from counting against me.

Obviously I can deal with one question wrong, though I don't think it's right. In the case, however, that it could mean the difference between a letter grade, I'd like to be able to fight it.

Any advice?
This is the advice I gave to both of my graduated children. 

If the questions on the test were prefaced by, "in your opinion" blah blah blah, then answer accordingly. If the preface was, "according to all the is holy and truthful" blah blah blah, then answer. 

In the case on a collage course the implied preface to the questions on any exam is this, "according to what was taught in this class" blah blah blah. 

Exams are meant to provide a medium where you give back to the teacher what they have provided to you. It is not the time for your personal understanding, beliefs, opinions, etc. 
It's university, you gotta play the game, protesting here on exam or essay questions won't get you anywhere 
No one in a legitimate university is expected to believe what is taught ever. They are expected to learn the material and be able to demonstrate that understanding - not believe it. The test you took is to see if you understand the material. It is not a test of whether or not you believe the material. You are not in church. Your professor does not give a hill of beans whether you believe it or not - only if you understand it.

If you were learning Greek mythology you would be learning about the gods and all the things these gods do and say. No one studying Greek mythology is expected to believe in the Greek gods. This is true of every course taught in a bona fide university.

You are in college to learn new things, right? If you are going to assert your beliefs, start a congregation. If you are going to learn, go to school and learn what they have to teach but don't believe it - any of it ever.

Much of what you will learn in college you will not believe. No one believes all of it - that would be crazy. In fact our knowledge is increased by people not believing what is taught and then going out and doing the hard work, the scholarship, the experimentation, undergoing the peer review, to show that the prevailing wisdom is wrong. They have to show the scholarship or test results that back up the new better understanding for it to be accepted for submission. (Saying, "But I don't believe that." is not hard work, scholarship or experimentation that yields valuable information and is irrelevant to everyone but you.)

You are learning and this is just one of many things you have to learn in college. You care and that is a good sign. Keep going, you are going to do great.

You can take this to your professor if you like and she may want to expand on it or correct it in some way.

PS. There are only two conditions under which you can learn something new. You have to be ignorant in which case you learn something you didn't know before or you have to be wrong in which case you get new better information. These are the only two ways learning occurs.

Good luck

Then just put it. It is his/her class, but don't stoop to a morons level and argue with them. You know gender and sexuality are related, just let them live in their fantasy world. I'd be surprised that this person could even qualify for a college professor 
If a creationist took a Biology class at a University and the test had questions regarding evolution, do you think they should get full credit when they answer those questions according to creationism?
It's extra good that this came up in a Cultural Anthropology class, which generally asks "why do groups of people believe/act in a certain way?"

Ask your professor why the he/the textbook believes this. Have a conversation. You'll then know why a group of people (current Cultural Anthropology professors) believe something.

You could answer questions the way the class is designed. You could bring up your disagreement with the professor/department head. I think your disagreement is a bit softer than the God's Not Dead disagreement ("God is Dead" vs. "gender and sexuality are different"). This field/current society has decided to have two definitions for various reasons.

Either way, it all starts with a conversation.
I don't see the conflict.  Clearly homosexuality exists, so it follows that gender does not fully determine sexuality.  Whether or not homosexuality is wrong is a separate question which I doubt was on the exam.
> the first question was a true/false stating they were indeed separate things

Is it possible to recognize that they are different things, but having a sexual identity that differs from your gender is wrong?  It sounds like the difference between "stealing is wrong" and "stealing doesn't exist"
Also, understanding where someone is coming from is very different than changing their mind about their beliefs. So I guess know your goals.
I don't think so. This was the specific question:

Sex refers to the biological consequences of being male or female, while gender refers to the cultural expectations and experiences.

It doesn't seem to be just stating they're different. It goes further to give them separate origins. There were, however, one or two other questions on it that fell under the type of thinking you're talking about that I went along with.
This is my first post so sorry if there's something wrong
[deleted]
how did you find this subreddit?
What you've said is true if you look at the Bible as a literal story, and many people believe this so that is fair.  Another way to look at it, if you look at the Bible more allegorically, is  that it's not so much that you "please God" as though God has a personality and a central nervous system and feelings, itt's that when you know God, you know Peace.  When you know God, you have access to Wisdom.  When you follow the example of Jesus and live life with a light heart and in service of others, you free yourself from judgment, resentfulness, jealousy, and all the other feelings that do not serve us nor humanity.  But yes he is fine :)
Yes it does make sense thank you for yout answer I was a little confused for what I've read in the bible, I wanted to celebrate passover but I thought I couldn't because of that but did anyways
Just typed it, I was basically just testing keywords about christianity
A Detailed Look at the Messianic Prophecy of Daniel 9: 24-27

The prophecy as a whole is presented in verse 24. The first sixty-nine weeks are described in verse 25. The events between the 69th and 70th week are detailed in verse 26 and the 70th week is described in verse 27. Daniel's prophecy of the seventy weeks provides the chronological framework for Messianic prediction from Daniel’s time to the establishment of God’s Kingdom on earth and also is a key to the interpretation of the Book of Revelation.

>24  Seventy weeks are determined for your people and for your holy city, to finish the transgression, to make an end of sins, to make reconciliation for iniquity, to bring in everlasting righteousness, to seal up vision and prophecy, And to anoint the Most Holy.

Week comes from the Hebrew “shabuwa” which means seven, a period of seven days or years. In this case it means seventy “sevens” of years or 490 years. The seventy weeks (490 years) are focused upon Daniel's people (Israel) and his holy city (Jerusalem). This verse plainly tells us these six things will all be accomplished before the end of the 70 weeks or put another way the seventy weeks cannot be over until these six things are accomplished. Let’s look at each of the six:

>**to finish the transgression**

This means an end to Israel’s transgression against God. This has not happened yet (the 70th week cannot be over), but we can read in Zechariah chapters 12-13 (another end time’s prophecy and two very short chapters) how the Lord is going to make this happen.

>**to make an end of sins**

Another reading of this is “to seal up sins.” This was accomplished by our Lord at the Cross for all who believe. Our sins are “sealed” in Christ from the Father’s eyes. This has not happened yet for Daniel’s people (they do not believe Jesus is Messiah), but we can see in Zechariah 12:10 that it will occur close to the end of Daniel’s 70th week. 

> **to make reconciliation for iniquity**

Our Lord Christ Jesus clearly accomplished this at the cross, but once again this prophecy is for Daniel’s people and until the Lord pours His Spirit upon them (Zechariah 12:10) this will remain incomplete telling us that Daniel’s 70th week is not yet over.

> **to bring in everlasting righteousness**

Remember this is speaking of Israel and Jerusalem and this means a new order of society brought in by Messiah at His Second Coming.

>**to seal up vision and prophecy**

This speaks of both the ending and fulfillment of all prophecy, concluding the final stage of human history and culminating with the reign of the Son of God.

> **And to anoint the Most Holy**

This means to anoint or to consecrate after its pollution the Most Holy place in the temple which can only have its true realization in Messiah. Only when sin is "sealed up" can God's presence be perfectly manifested.  Messiah will anoint or consecrate with His presence the most holy place at Jerusalem (Jeremiah 3:16-17, Ezekiel 37:27-28), after its pollution by the son of perdition, of which the Feast of Dedication after the pollution by Antiochus is a type.

>  25   Know therefore and understand, That from the going forth of the command To restore and build Jerusalem Until Messiah the Prince, There shall be seven weeks and sixty-two weeks; The street shall be built again, and the wall, Even in troublesome times.

Daniel’s 70 weeks are divided into three parts; 7 weeks (49 years) for the rebuilding of Jerusalem, 62 more weeks (434 years) until the coming of the Messiah with one week (7 years) left. The “street” and the “wall” make it clear that the decree had to be to rebuild the city not just the temple.

483 years (to the day) after the decree to rebuilt Jerusalem (not just the Temple) was Christ’s Triumphal Entry (when Jesus rode the donkey into Jerusalem). I can break these dates down to prove this, but that is another wall of text. Jesus scolded the Pharisees and Sadducees (in Matthew 16) for not knowing the time of His coming because they were told in this verse.

> 26 And after the sixty-two weeks Messiah shall be cut off, but not for Himself; and the people of the prince who is to come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary. The end of it shall be with a flood, and till the end of the war desolations are determined.

>**And after the sixty-two weeks Messiah shall be cut off, but not for Himself**

This is **after** the 69th week (7+62) is over. The 69th week ended with Christ’s Triumphal Entry. Messiah was rejected by Israel and executed (cut off) for the sake of others (not for Himself). 

> **and the people of the prince who is to come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary**

This is telling us **after the 69th week is over** the Roman army made up of the people of the prince who is to come will destroy Jerusalem and the temple. Notice in this one sentence that Christ is cut off (crucified) around 32AD and the city and the sanctuary are destroyed in 70AD and both of these things happen **after** the 69th week. This is a span of 38 years and still no mention of the 70th week.

The first 69 weeks happened exactly to the day (probably to the nanosecond), just like they were prophesied, but now we have a gap. Why?

When Israel rejected Messiah, God's prophetic clock stopped and has remained stopped with only the 70th week left. God turned His attention to the Church and away from Israel. This started the “Church age.” After the church is “gathered together with Him,” God will turn His attention back to the restoration of Israel.

> **The end of it shall be with a flood, and till the end of the war desolations are determined**

Christ was crucified, the Roman armies destroyed the temple, ran over Jerusalem like a flood, and Israel was dispersed into desolation and remained dispersed throughout the world really until this day.

> 27 Then he shall confirm a covenant with many for one week; but in the middle of the week He shall bring an end to sacrifice and offering. And on the wing of abominations shall be one who makes desolate, even until the consummation, which is determined, is poured out on the desolate.

What does Our Lord Christ Jesus say about Daniel 9:27?

Matthew 24:14-15:

>And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come. When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand)

Notice **Daniel the prophet** and notice when our Lord tells us the abomination of desolation will happen.

Our Lord is telling us Daniel 9:27 is speaking of after:

> this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world

> then shall the end come

So our Lord is telling us the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet will happen when ** the end come** and after ** this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world**

> **Then he**

The "he" Gabriel mentions is “the prince who is to come” mentioned in the previous verse. Notice Gabriel first talks about Messiah and then the prince who is to come, two different people.

This is the prince of this world or prince of the power of the air or end times ruler or man of sin or man of lawlessness or son of perdition or Antichrist if you prefer.


>**shall confirm a covenant with many for one week**

Here is the first mention of the 70th week, sometime after Messiah is cut off and after Jerusalem and the temple are destroyed in 70AD. The Antichrist (if I may use this name for clarity) confirming a peace treaty with Israel for one week will start Daniel’s 70th week. With this covenant Israel will embrace the false prophet as Messiah. Jesus predicted this in John 5:43: “I have come in My Father's name, and you do not receive Me; if another comes in his own name, him you will receive.”

>**but in the middle of the week He shall bring an end to sacrifice and offering**

But after three and a half years the Antichrist will enter the Temple and proclaim himself God. Paul tells us this in 2 Thessalonians 2:3-4:

>Let no one deceive you by any means; for that Day will not come unless the falling away comes first, and the man of sin is revealed, the son of perdition, who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped, so that he sits as God in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God.

This will cause Israel to rebel against the Antichrist, reject the false prophet, and starts the Time of Jacob’s Trouble (Great Tribulation). The Antichrist will attack Israel with the armies of the world. This is also spoken of in the end time’s prophecy of Zechariah 12.

>**And on the wing of abominations shall be one who makes desolate**

Abominations is translated from the Hebrew word “shiqquwts” that is connected to horrific idolatry. The idea is that the Antichrist breaks the covenant and brings an end to sacrifice and offering by desecrating the holy place of the temple with horrific idolatry (he sets up the image of the beast (Satan)). Jesus called this the abomination of desolation (Matthew 24:15) and indicated that it would be the pivotal sign of the start of the Great Tribulation. 
>**even until the consummation, which is determined, is poured out on the desolate.**

These abominations will continue until the consummation of God's wrath and vengeance, until all God has determined is poured out on this desolate people (earth dwellers) and will continue until Christ’s Return. When the 70th week is completed, each of the things described in verse 24 will be accomplished and everlasting righteousness will reign.

From the description of what would be accomplished in the 70 weeks from Daniel 9:24, we know that the 70 weeks are not
yet complete. The events promised in the first 69 weeks are fulfilled indicating there is a lengthy "pause" in between the 69th and 70th week. The 70th week will begin when the coming prince (Antichrist) confirms a covenant with Israel. These "gaps" or “pauses" in prophecy may seem strange to us, but they are common. Comparing Isaiah 9:6 and Luke 1:31-33 shows another significant "pause" or "gap" in prophecy regarding the coming of the Messiah. Such a break in prophetic chronology has precedent in the predictions of Messiah's first and second advents (Isa. 61:1-2). More evidence of a break between the 69th and 70th week is the fact that there is a 38-year gap, between Messiah's cutting off in 32AD and the destruction of Jerusalem in 70AD. Daniel presented both of these events as after the 69th week and before the 70th week.

 When Israel rejected Messiah, God turned His attention to the Church and away from Israel. This started the “Church age.” After the church is “gathered together with Him,” God will turn His attention back to the restoration of Israel. Sixty-nine weeks were finished in the coming of the Messiah, but the Messiah was cut off. At this point God's prophetic clock was stopped for Israel and has remained stopped. There will be an event (the Antichrist making a covenant with Israel) that will signal the starting of the clock once again, the beginning of the 70th week of Daniel. 

Thank you for this. Although this is now, probably, the most common interpretation of this prophecy, it wasn't always...

An alternative, and former view that was held by most of the reformers and other Christian thinkers during the reformation was that the entire prophecy was about the Messiah. 

I urge anyone that reads this to consider the information outlined here:

http://historicism.com/Mauro/MauroI-7.htm

This view of prophecy (the futurist) seems to have been popularized by the Jesuit Preist, Francisco Ribera, during the counter reformation. 

Im not saying one view is necessarily correct over the other, but I am aware of the multiple interpretations and origins of these views. I believe it's important that we, like the Bereans, examine the scriptures daily to see if these things are so.

Grace and peace to you

I think this crisis is not that deep, we just need to see it from a different angle: one thing is respecting other religions and another thing is saying that Jesus is all the same. If Christians thought the latter statement was true, that would certainly be tragical. Someone with a strong build of faith would never think so. 

Solution: build a church of strong believers and you won't have to fear any dogmatic misunderstanding.


Daniel 2:28-45:

>28 "But there is a God in heaven who reveals secrets, and He has made known to King Nebuchadnezzar what will be in the latter days. Your dream, and the visions of your head upon your bed, were these:

Please notice “the latter days.” God still reveals to those who seek, we are told this in 1 Cr 2:12-14:

> Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the Spirit who is from God, that we might know the things that have been freely given to us by God. These things we also speak, not in words which man's wisdom teaches but which the Holy Spirit teaches, comparing spiritual things with spiritual. But the natural man does not receive the things of the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him; nor can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.

God reveals secrets so shouldn’t man have more understanding and knowledge of Scripture today than centuries ago?

>29 "As for you, O king, thoughts came to your mind while on your bed, about what would come to pass after this; and He who reveals secrets has made known to you what will be.

**The Lord used Nebuchadnezzar to tell man what is in his future, from Daniel’s time to the Millennial Kingdom**.

>30: "But as for me, this secret has not been revealed to me because I have more wisdom than anyone living, but for our sakes who make known the interpretation to the king, and that you may know the thoughts of your heart.

Daniel claims no credit for himself but gives all credit to the grace and power of God. Nebuchadnezzar’s dream was recorded so we will know what is in our future.

>31 "You, O king, were watching; and behold, a great image! This great image, whose splendor was excellent, stood before you; and its form was awesome.

The image represents Satan’s world kingdom. The empires are different but it is the same world kingdom in different phases, just like the image is one but is made of different metals.

>32-33 "This image's head was of fine gold, its chest and arms of silver, its belly and thighs  of bronze, its legs of iron, its feet partly of iron and partly of clay.

The progression of the metals from the top to the bottom represents the progression of mankind. The metals become successively baser (the baser the metal the more easily it oxidizes or corrodes), implying the growing deterioration of man. The metals lessen in specific gravity gold being the heaviest and iron being the lightest causing it to be top heavy and becoming more unstable the further down you go; representing the growing instability of mankind. There is a decreasing value to the metals showing that human governments will become increasingly worse throughout history. The metals progress from the softest (gold) to the hardest (iron), signifying the steady hardening of man’s heart to God.

>34 "You watched while a stone was cut out without hands, which struck the image on its feet of iron and clay, and broke them in pieces.

The stone is Christ Jesus; He is a stone of stumbling to Israel by which Israel is broken but not destroyed, He is the Chief Cornerstone for the Church, the foundation that all Christians stand on, and He is the destroyer to Satan’s world kingdom grinding it into dust. Notice that the stone strikes the statue on the feet which is Satan’s final empire, the coming One World Government.

>35 "Then the iron, the clay, the bronze, the silver, and the gold were crushed together, and became like chaff from the summer threshing floors; the wind carried them away so that no trace of them was found. And the stone that struck the image became a great mountain and filled the whole earth.

The chaff represents unbelievers and their fate at Christ’s Return. The mountain represents Christ’s Millennial Kingdom.

>36-38 “This is the dream. Now we will tell the interpretation of it before the king. "You, O king, are a king of kings. For the God of heaven has given you a kingdom, power, strength, and glory; "and wherever the children of men dwell, or the beasts of the field and the birds of the heaven, He has given them into your hand, and has made you ruler over them all--you are this head of gold.

The Babylonian empire is the head of gold.

>39 "But after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to yours; then another, a third kingdom of bronze, which shall rule over all the earth.

The Medo-Persian Empire is the chest of silver; the two arms of silver represent the two kingdoms of the Medes and Persians. The Greek Empire is the belly of bronze and the two thighs of bronze represent the Ptolemies of Egypt and the Seleucids of Syria, the two most dominate sections of the four that the Greek empire divided into after Alexander’s death.

>40 "And the fourth kingdom shall be as strong as iron, inasmuch as iron breaks in pieces and shatters everything; and like iron that crushes, that kingdom will break in pieces and crush all the others.

The Roman Empire is the legs of iron; the Western leg lasting until 731 AD and the Eastern leg lasting until 1453 AD.

>41 "Whereas you saw the feet and toes, partly of potter's clay and partly of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; yet 	the strength of the iron shall be in it, just as you saw the iron mixed with ceramic clay.

The feet and toes are the One World Government, Satan’s final world empire. The ten toes are ten unions (confederations of nation states) that the world will be divided into (European Union, African Union, etc.).

>42-43 "And as the toes of the feet were partly of iron and partly of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong and partly fragile. As you saw iron mixed with ceramic clay, they will mingle with the seed of men; but they will not adhere to one another, just as iron does not mix with clay.

Please notice “they will mingle with the seed of men.” Satan and his fallen angels will mingle themselves with the seed of men; they will take human “wives” and produce Nephilim like in the days before the flood. Gen.6:4 & Matt 24:37

>44 "And in the days of these kings the God of heaven will set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people; it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever.

In the days of these kings refers to the ten toes or ten kings of the One World Government, for “these kings” cannot mean the four monarchies, as they do not coexist in power. This has not happened yet for Satan is still the prince of this world, but the Kingdom of God is within us. It’s at Christ’s Second Coming, when He destroys Satan’s world kingdom and locks him in chains for a thousand years, that the Kingdom of God will fill the entire Earth.

>45 "Inasmuch as you saw that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it broke in pieces the iron, the bronze, the clay, the silver, and the gold--the great God has made known to the king what will come to pass after this. The dream is certain, and its interpretation is sure."

The great God has made known to us what will come to pass after this.

31-35 is so relevant today... I would really like to know more about the different metals and their meaning. 
What version is this?

Man I love me some Book of Daniel!  What an amazing testimony of what faith will accomplish!  It is also quite amazing how it ties into the Book of Revelation so much.  

Are you the Redditor that posted the analysis of Zechariah the other day?  That was an excellent post as well.
Yeah, I am sure there is a whole lot more to the meanings of the metals than what I know.
NKJV
Thanks again, you are too kind, I also love the Book of Daniel, it is one of my favorites.
1 Corinthians 14:33 For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all the churches of the saints.
___________________

Confusion is defined as: 
Lack of understanding, uncertainty.
A situation of panic; a breakdown of order.

A disorderly jumble

A state of being bewildered or unclear in one's mind about something.

The mistaking of one person or thing for another.
_____________________

Peace is defined as:

Freedom from disturbance; quiet and tranquility. 

 Freedom from war and violence

Mental calm; serenity.
_______________________

God made a point to call our attention to this detail. The idea that some may become confused in the church is not of Him. The Lord has mentioned countless times that if any lack wisdom, have needs, is sorrowful, hungry...etc., let him ask of God. The only thing it says is that you must have faith James 1:6-7 - But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the lord.

Wavering is a form of confusion. It is to shake with a quivering motion, to become unsteady or unreliable, to be undecided between two opinions or courses of action, or to be irresolute.

God's word teaches us that His word is absolute, a solid foundation. It shows us how to come to conclusions, how to face each day, how to overcome fears. God's word is reliable, never fails, never falters, and will still be standing when the grass withers and the flowers fade.

God is a God of peace. Php 4:6-9  Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things. Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.

This is a promise, if you give yourself to the teachings of Christ, you will have and will find the peace of God. He promises that He will be with us, and if He is with us He will provide for us. Phil. 4:19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.

What then would be the reason for any confusion? God said that He would direct our paths, that He would give wisdom to any that ask, that He would protect his children. The Lord upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down.

If one follows God, there is no reason to fear. The only time confusion enters the scene is when we try to take over. Our own ego and pride slips in and God is pushed out. We become lax, apathetic, or just so content that we no longer are keeping our minds and lives on the teachings of Christ. That’s why the Lord says to be mindful, to pray without ceasing, to let your speech be always with grace.

There is a reason for this, for the devil and his minions will take any and all advantages that we give them. Knowingly or not, if we let them, they will find a chink in the armour. But if we keep yourself in the Word of God, always mindful of His hand, the arrows of confusion, fear, uncertainty, and frustration will never touch you.

 2 Timothy 1:7 For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.

God gives us peace, love, a sound mind, and power. For all authority is given when one is speaking with the absolute Word. All knees must bow before the Lord, even the devils believe and tremble. So what then is the point to doubt? Why be confused? Walk with God and power of His might.

Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. 

There is no other god, no other power, no other anything that can help, protect, or save you, other than the Lord Jesus Christ. Peace is given when one gives up and trusts God. You must have faith that He will save you from all problems. You need wisdom and knowledge for work? Ask the Lord. Do you need food, clothes, instruction, directions, or even not sure how to witness? Ask the Lord. 

He is ready, willing, and able to help all those that call on Him. He does not want you to be confused, frustrated, or lost. He wants you to give up, stop trying in yourself and just admit your need for His hand.

 Eph 6:11-18  Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;  Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;

Let us not let pride or ego have a place, we must deny ourselves and trust God. Let not confusion cloud our minds, meditate on the Word of God, ask for His wisdom and knowledge. Ask Jesus to speak to you in your devotions. Pray without ceasing, be always mindful of your actions. Let us humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God. 

Jas 4:10  Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.

1Pe 5:6  Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
This is great, there is just so much truth to this, as I was reading I was saying to myself "yeah I have been trying to do that and that and that."  :)

When you read this it sounds so easy to do, but I find it takes a constant effort to stay aware of my actions and boy do I ever mess up. 

But I know the Lord understands and knows my heart so it's like "forgive me Lord" and I just keep on trying.

Thank you so much for this, it touched my very soul.
That was great, brother. It really spoke to my spirit.
Thank you and God bless, I'm glad this ministered to you :) 

Zechariah 8

>1-2 Again the word of the LORD of hosts came, saying, “Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'I am zealous for Zion with great zeal; with great fervor I am zealous for her.'

The Lord is jealous for His people (Israel), He is protective of them against all who would challenge them, and He is zealous to safeguard their interests and come to their defense.

>3 "Thus says the LORD: 'I will return to Zion, and dwell in the midst of Jerusalem. Jerusalem shall be called the City of Truth, The Mountain of the LORD of hosts, The Holy Mountain.'

Jerusalem will be a holy city when Christ returns; He will dwell in the millennial Temple and rule the earth from there.

>4-5 "Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'Old men and old women shall again sit in the streets of Jerusalem, Each one with his staff in his hand Because of great age. The streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in its streets.'

Jerusalem will become a place of tranquility, long life, peace, prosperity, and security for even the most defenseless. This speaks of the reign of Christ Jesus at His second coming.

>6 “Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'If it is marvelous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, Will it also be marvelous in My eyes?' Says the LORD of hosts.

These blessings seemed impossible to the people of Zechariah’s day, but after all these years we can understand the Lord’s marvelous plan.

>7-8 "Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'Behold, I will save My people from the land of the east and from the land of the west; I will bring them back, and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem. They shall be My people And I will be their God, In truth and righteousness.'

The Lord promises to deliver His people (Israel) from the distant places where He scattered them and to bring them back to live in Jerusalem with Him. This is a promise of Israel's future restoration and conversion.

>9 "Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'Let your hands be strong, You who have been hearing in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, Who spoke in the day the foundation was laid For the house of the LORD of hosts, That the temple might be built.

All the prophets of the OT spoke of the days of Messiah.

>10 For before these days There were no wages for man nor any hire for beast; There was no peace from the enemy for whoever went out or came in; For I set all men, everyone, against his neighbor.

This speaks of the time from Christ first coming to lay the foundation until His second coming to finish the Temple. Israel has been under Gentile rule and has had “no peace from the enemy” from the time of the Babylonian invasion through 1948 up to and including this very day. Only after Christ’s return will Israel see peace.

>11 'But now I will not treat the remnant of this people as in the former days,' says the LORD of hosts.

God has always had a remnant of His people, but this particular “remnant of this people” is the remnant of people left after the great Tribulation.

>12 'For the seed shall be prosperous, The vine shall give its fruit, The ground shall give her increase, And the heavens shall give their dew— I will cause the remnant of this people To possess all these.

The curse on the land will be lifted and all planted crops will prosper. Jerusalem and Israel will be a paradise under the reign of Christ.

>13 And it shall come to pass That just as you were a curse among the nations, O house of Judah and house of Israel, So I will save you, and you shall be a blessing. Do not fear, Let your hands be strong.'

The remnant of Israel at the end of the great Tribulation will be saved and become a nation of priests; Israel’s blessings will mean blessings for all the nations.

>14 "For thus says the LORD of hosts: 'Just as I determined to punish you When your fathers provoked Me to wrath,' Says the LORD of hosts, 'And I would not relent,

The Lord did not relent from Israel’s punishment when they provoked Him to wrath and He will not relent from the blessings that He promises.

>15 So again in these days I am determined to do good To Jerusalem and to the house of Judah. Do not fear.

The Lord has great plans for Israel; He did not replace Israel with the Church. 

>16-17 These are the things you shall do: Speak each man the truth to his neighbor; Give judgment in your gates for truth, justice, and peace; Let none of you think evil in your heart against your neighbor; And do not love a false oath. For all these are things that I hate,' Says the LORD."


Compare this to what Jesus says in Mark 12:29; “Jesus answered him, the first of all the commandments is: Hear, O Israel, the LORD our God, the LORD is one. And you shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength. This is the first commandment. And the second, like it, is this: You shall love your neighbor as yourself. There is no other commandment greater than these.”


>18-19 Then the word of the LORD of hosts came to me, saying, "Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'The fast of the fourth month, The fast of the fifth, The fast of the seventh, And the fast of the tenth, Shall be joy and gladness and cheerful feasts For the house of Judah. Therefore love truth and peace.'

God promises blessings so wonderful that these mournful fasts will be transformed into cheerful feasts of celebration. The fast of the fourth month remembered the breaching of the walls of Jerusalem and the fast in the tenth month remembered the beginning of the siege of Jerusalem.  Jehovah will put away their sins, so let them remember and observe, only let the observance be a feast in celebration of God’s grace, instead of a fast in memory of their sin.

>20 "Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'Peoples shall yet come, Inhabitants of many cities;

This promise will be fulfilled in the millennial kingdom of Christ Jesus. Jerusalem will be the headquarters of His kingdom, and the nations will come to seek the Lord in Jerusalem.

>21-23 The inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, "Let us continue to go and pray before the LORD, And seek the LORD of hosts. I myself will go also." Yes, many peoples and strong nations Shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, And to pray before the LORD.' "Thus says the LORD of hosts: 'In those days ten men from every language of the nations shall grasp the sleeve of a Jewish man, saying, "Let us go with you, for we have heard that God is with you." ' "

This is the restoration of Israel to God's favor, at the end of the great Tribulation when the remnant of Israel realizes that Christ Jesus is their Messiah, Israel will become a blessing to the world and a nation of priests.

Revelation 18:

>1-2 After these things I saw another angel coming down from heaven, having great authority, and the earth was illuminated with his glory. And he cried mightily with a loud voice, saying, “Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and has become a dwelling place of demons, a prison for every foul spirit, and a cage for every unclean and hated bird!

Babylon the great is Satan’s city, his world kingdom has always been in it, but during the great Tribulation the entire world’s banking and commercial interests will be centered in this city.

Satan’s political, economic, and religious world kingdoms go back in time to before the tower of Babel.  We can’t see Satan’s kingdom which makes it hard for us to comprehend how it works. We know Satan has a throne on earth (Rev.2:13), we know he has tens of millions of angels (Rev.5:11) and countless demons (spirits of the nephilim) under his command, and we know that he and his minions have been busy on earth for a long time.

Satan’s throne is on earth, but we can’t see it because it is still in the additional dimension of God’s Kingdom that we call the spirit world. Currently the only visible part of Satan’s kingdom we can see is the men that he uses to accomplish his goals; like the apostate church is the only part of the harlot we can see. Do not forget that we live in a three dimensional “veiled” (due to our sin) universe that is within the Kingdom of God.

2 Thessalonians 2:9-12:

> The coming of the lawless one is according to the working of Satan, with all power, signs, and lying wonders, and with all unrighteous deception among those who perish, because they did not receive the love of the truth, that they might be saved. And for this reason God will send them strong delusion, that they should believe the lie, that they all may be condemned who did not believe the truth but had pleasure in unrighteousness.

Babylon the great is where Satan (through the son of perdition) will rule the world during the tribulation period. Babylon the great will be the political, economic, and commercial power of the world.

>3 “For all the nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth have become rich through the abundance of her luxury.”

The kings of the earth are the ten horns of Daniel 7, Revelation 12 and 13, and the ten toes in Daniel 2. They are the leaders of the one world government who brought the son of perdition to power. Satan manages to draw all the nations into his godless kingdom. Their sin is not only idolatry (worship of the image), but pride, greed and selfishly held wealth.

>4 And I heard another voice from heaven saying, “Come out of her, my people, lest you share in her sins, and lest you receive of her plagues.

This warning is for the believers who are in the same position as Lot in Sodom. God’s people in a place they shouldn’t be, a place ready for destruction.

>5 “For her sins have reached to heaven and God has remembered her iniquities.

This is the destiny of the unbelieving world, but to believers God says, I will remember your sins no more.

>6 “Render to her just as she rendered to you, and repay her double according to her works; in the cup which she has mixed, mix double for her.

To pay back double is to pay back fully. This is a judicial pronouncement against a sinful civilization that has reached the ultimate limit of evil.

>7 “In the measure that she glorified herself and lived luxuriously, in the same measure give her torment and sorrow; for she says in her heart, ‘I sit as queen, and am no widow, and will not see sorrow.’

Self-indulgence, greed (living luxuriously), pride (glorifying herself); calling herself a “queen, and am no widow” is a direct reference to Israel who is described as a widow.

>8 “Therefore her plagues will come in one day—death and mourning and famine. And she will be utterly burned with fire, for strong is the Lord God who judges her.

Babylon the great’s judgment will come suddenly, and will be complete, Satan world kingdom will be destroyed fulfilling Psalm 110:1: “The LORD said to my Lord, "Sit at My right hand, Till I make Your enemies Your footstool."

>9 “The kings of the earth who committed fornication and lived luxuriously with her will weep and lament for her, when they see the smoke of her burning,

The kings of the one world government will mourn when God’s judgment comes upon the seat of their “god’s” throne and his capital city.

>10 “standing at a distance for fear of her torment, saying, ‘Alas, alas, that great city Babylon, that mighty city! For in one hour your judgment has come.’

Nuclear weapons and/or a fireball from heaven, either way Satan’s Babylon the great is judged.

>11 “And the merchants of the earth will weep and mourn over her, for no one buys their merchandise anymore:

The mourning of the merchants is in self-interest because there is no one to buy their merchandise. The center for the political, economic, and commercial power of the world has been destroyed.

>12-13 “merchandise of gold and silver, precious stones and pearls, fine linen and purple, silk and scarlet, every kind of citron wood, every kind of object of ivory, every kind of object of most precious wood, bronze, iron, and marble; “and cinnamon and incense, fragrant oil and frankincense, wine and oil, fine flour and wheat, cattle and sheep, horses and chariots, and bodies and souls of men.

Whoa, “bodies and souls of men,” I guess when you sell your soul to Satan it is his to do with as he pleases. Sounds like slavery, prostitution, pornography, abortion, and the sale of body parts are just a few among many perversions.

>14 “The fruit that your soul longed for has gone from you, and all the things which are rich and splendid have gone from you, and you shall find them no more at all.

This is a list of luxuries not necessities and the days of living luxuriously have come to an end. The earth dwellers only desire worldly things, things pleasing to the flesh. 

>15 “The merchants of these things, who became rich by her, will stand at a distance for fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,

The merchants staying at a distance could be due to the radiation if nuclear weapons were used or maybe from the intense heat of God’s ball of fire.

>16 “and saying, ‘Alas, alas, that great city that was clothed in fine linen, purple, and scarlet, and adorned with gold and precious stones and pearls!

This is a list of luxuries that only the very wealthy at this time in the age of man could afford. Babylon the great will be full of the very richest people on earth; it will be a status symbol to live and work there.

>17 ‘For in one hour such great riches came to nothing.’ Every shipmaster, all who travel by ship, sailors, and as many as trade on the sea, stood at a distance

They stay at a distance for a good reason, but we are not told for certain what the reason is.

>18-19 “and cried out when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, ‘What is like this great city?’ “They threw dust on their heads and cried out, weeping and wailing, and saying, ‘Alas, alas, that great city, in which all who had ships on the sea became rich by her wealth! For in one hour she is made desolate.’

All who had ships on the sea became rich by her wealth because Satan’s kingdom is centered in this city, all the world’s political, economic, and commercial power, all of the world finances, and all of the world’s richest people are headquartered in this city.

>20 “Rejoice over her, O heaven, and you holy apostles and prophets, for God has avenged you on her!”

We don’t rejoice in the destruction, we rejoice in the righteous resolution God’s judgment brings.

Please notice who is being avenged, the holy apostles and prophets, there is quite a span of time between these two groups. What city of man did harm to both of these groups?  

>21 Then a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone and threw it into the sea, saying, “Thus with violence the great city Babylon shall be thrown down, and shall not be found anymore.

Babylon the great is the city of Satan, the extra dimensional one that has been around since the Garden of Eden; his seat of power, home base for his minions, the place from where he has corrupted and deceived man for millennium.

>22-23 “The sound of harpists, musicians, flutists, and trumpeters shall not be heard in you anymore. No craftsman of any craft shall be found in you anymore, and the sound of a millstone shall not be heard in you anymore. “The light of a lamp shall not shine in you anymore, and the voice of bridegroom and bride shall not be heard in you anymore. For your merchants were the great men of the earth, for by your sorcery all the nations were deceived.

“Sorcery” is translated from the Greek word pharmakia which means the use or the administering of drugs or poisoning. Satan’s “merchants” are the “great men of the earth,” the men in power, the men in charge of the nations, the men in charge of the international corporations, and the men in charge of the world’s financial institutions.

Reading this again “for by your sorcery all the nations were deceived.” It is clear that this says by the administering of drugs all the nations will be deceived. I will leave this without further comment.

>24 “And in her was found the blood of prophets and saints, and of all who were slain on the earth.”

This verse leaves no doubt that Babylon the great is Satan’s extra dimensional city that has been on the three dimensional earth since the time of Adam. Where on this earth could you find a city that has the blood “of all who were slain on the earth?” This leaves little doubt that Satan has played a part in the murder of all those slain since the beginning, starting with Abel.

Revelation 16:

>1 Then I heard a loud voice from the temple saying to the seven angels, "Go and pour out the bowls of the wrath of God on the earth."

We know from the previous verse no one can enter the temple so this is God’s voice, personally initiating the judgment of the bowls. The fact that God tells all seven angels at the same time to pour out their bowls indicates these judgments will follow each other in rapid succession.

>2 So the first went and poured out his bowl upon the earth, and a foul and loathsome sore came upon the men who had the mark of the beast and those who worshiped his image.

Notice they worship his image (Satan) not the beast (son of perdition). These bowls of God’s wrath are not meant to move humanity to repentance but are a demonstration of God’s wrath toward the earth dwellers, Satan, and Satan’s kingdom.

>3 Then the second angel poured out his bowl on the sea, and it became blood as of a dead man; and every living creature in the sea died.

Blood from the Greek “haima” can also mean “of those things that resemble blood.”

No life in the oceans will quickly affect man’s food supply, causing immediate famine in many countries that depend heavily upon the sea. 

>4 Then the third angel poured out his bowl on the rivers and springs of water, and they became blood.

These judgments come in rapid succession because with ecological disasters like these the human race could not survive very long; this tells us that time is very short until the return of Christ.

>5 And I heard the angel of the waters saying: "You are righteous, O Lord, The One who is and who was and who is to be, Because You have judged these things.

Angels must have certain areas of responsibilities because this angel watches over the waters.

>6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, And You have given them blood to drink. For it is their just due."

The three and a half year reign of terror of the son of perdition sees many Christians and Jews beheaded for their beliefs. God turns the fresh water on earth into blood making the punishment fit the crime.

>7 And I heard another from the altar saying, "Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are Your judgments."

We must remember that God is still alone in the temple; we know enough about our Almighty God to know that this does not please Him.

 2Peter 3: 9: The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

There are hundreds of verses that say the same, all in slightly different ways. All of heaven knows that God is mourning in the temple alone and the angels are showing their support of His judgments.

>8 Then the fourth angel poured out his bowl on the sun, and power was given to him to scorch men with fire.

The lack of fresh water and extreme heat alone tells us the human race will not survive very long. Jesus tells us this in Matthew 24:21-22:

> "For then there will be great tribulation, such as has not been since the beginning of the world until this time, no, nor ever shall be. "And unless those days were shortened, no flesh would be saved; but for the elect's sake those days will be shortened.

God will shorten the duration of His wrath to save the tribulation saints and the remnant of Israel.

>9 And men were scorched with great heat, and they blasphemed the name of God who has power over these plagues; and they did not repent and give Him glory.

Men have now taken on the character of the god (Satan) they serve; they curse God rather than look inward.

 >10 Then the fifth angel poured out his bowl on the throne of the beast, and his kingdom became full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues because of the pain.

**Please notice** the darkness is poured on the throne of the beast and his kingdom, not the earth. Satan’s throne is not “part of” the three dimensional earth for the three dimensional earth is still being scorched by the sun, Satan’s kingdom (Babylon the Great) is in the additional dimension of God’s Kingdom, but is still here on earth. 

>11 They blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and did not repent of their deeds.

"Know ye not that it is the goodness of God that bringeth a man to repentance"(Romans 2:4); instead of repenting, man increases his sin by blaspheming God.

>12 Then the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and its water was dried up, so that the way of the kings from the east might be prepared.

These are the Oriental armies that will assemble in northern Israel along with the other armies of the world for the battle against the Lord we call Armageddon.

>13 And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs coming out of the mouth of the dragon, out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.

These demons are like the “lying spirit” who led Ahab into battle; they use signs and wonders as tools of deception.

>14 For they are spirits of demons, performing signs, which go out to the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.

Satan's purpose in bringing all these armies into Israel is to annihilate the remnant of Israel in the mountains of Jordan. They have been protected there for 3½ years by Michael the Archangel and his angelic army (Daniel 12:1). 

When Christ returns to earth, specifically to Bozrah (Isaiah 63:1-6), Satan and the son of perdition will try to oppose Him. This is when Christ trends the great winepress of the wrath of God annihilating all the armies of the world, throwing the son of perdition and false prophet into the lake of fire, and putting Satan in chains for a thousand years.

>15 "Behold, I am coming as a thief. Blessed is he who watches, and keeps his garments, lest he walk naked and they see his shame."

This isn’t talking about clothes, but about taking the mark of the beast and not receiving a glorified body; a quick look at 2Cor.5:1-4 tells us.

>For we know that if our earthly house, this tent, is destroyed, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed with our habitation which is from heaven, if indeed, having been clothed, we shall not be found naked. For we who are in this tent groan, being burdened, not because we want to be unclothed, but further clothed, that mortality may be swallowed up by life. 

A closer look at this passage makes it abundantly clear:

>For we know that if our earthly house, this tent, is destroyed,

This is our earthly body of flesh, the one our spirit was born into.

>we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.

This is our immortal body, the one those in the Body of Christ will receive at the resurrection. 

>For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed with our habitation which is from heaven,

Our spirit groans in our body of flesh wanting to be in its glorified immortal body.

>if indeed, having been clothed, we shall not be found naked.

Our spirit does not need a body, but it will be "naked" if it does not receive its glorified body.

>For we who are in this tent groan, being burdened, not because we want to be unclothed, but further clothed,

Our spirit is burdened and groans because it wants out of our fleshly body not to be without a body (naked) but to be in its glorified body.

 >that mortality may be swallowed up by life.

Our spirit wants out of our dying bodies of flesh and in our immortal body.

So when our Lord says: “lest he walk naked” Jesus means without a glorified body. Our Lord urges His faithful believers to 
be watchful and remain in the righteousness of Christ, you will either be clothed with the righteousness of Christ (glorified 
body) or you will be naked.

The only way to get the mark of the beast will be to worship and swear allegiance to the image of the beast. Revelation 14 tells us that anyone who receives this mark of the beast will be thrown into the lake of fire (no exceptions).

It is my belief (off the record of course) that this mark will also offer longer life and less disease because it will genetically modify the DNA of those who receive it. Once your DNA has been genetically modified you will no longer be a man (genetically modified organism) and you will not be able to be redeemed of your sins by man’s Kinsman Redeemer.

2Cor. 5:2-4 tells us that our spirit is **clothed** with our body of flesh and Zephaniah 1:8 states: “"And it shall be, In the day of the LORD's sacrifice, That I will punish the princes and the king's children, And all such as **are clothed with foreign apparel**.” 

To be clothed in foreign apparel means that your spirit is clothed with something that is foreign to God’s Kingdom. You have been genetically modified and are no longer considered human. Christ is no longer your Kin and you cannot be redeemed by man’s Kinsman Redeemer.

This is why our Lord says: “Blessed is he who watches, and **keeps his garments, lest he walk naked** and they see his shame."

>16 And they gathered them together to the place called in Hebrew, Armageddon.

This is Satan’s last chance, he has been trying for thousands of years to terminate Israel’s existence because he knows it is the urgent prayers of the believing remnant of Israel for deliverance from the armies of the son of perdition that brings our Lord back (Hosea 5:15).

Armageddon (Megiddo) is 60 miles north of Jerusalem; many battles have been fought there; this is where Gideon’s 300 defeated the Midianites.

>17 Then the seventh angel poured out his bowl into the air, and a loud voice came out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying, "It is done!"

This is the final judgment and it is appropriately against Satan, he is the prince of the air. God still alone in the temple announces that **It is done**.

>18 And there were noises and thunderings and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such a mighty and great earthquake as had not occurred since men were on the earth.

This earthquake is spoken of in Hebrews 12:26-28:

> whose voice then shook the earth; but now He has promised, saying, "Yet once more I shake not only the earth, but also heaven." Now this, "Yet once more," indicates the removal of those things that are being shaken, as of things that are made, that the things which cannot be shaken may remain.

> Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom which cannot be shaken, let us have grace, by which we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear.

Please notice not just the earth is shaken but also heaven. The author of Hebrews tells us **all things that can be shaken are removed**; this is everything in our present reality. The entire universe will be changed; our present reality will be opened up into the additional dimension of God’s Kingdom.

This is spoken of in Revelation 6 at the opening of the sixth seal and in Rev.10 with the seventh trumpet. We are told that with the seventh trumpet the mystery of God will be finished and the Kingdom of God will be revealed. 

This compares to the sixth seal when the sky recedes like a scroll into an additional dimension; it opens up into the kingdom of God and reveals the throne of God to the unbelieving world. The veil of our three dimensional universe will be lifted; man will be able to see into the additional dimension of the Kingdom of God.

>19 Now the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell. And great Babylon was remembered before God, to give her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of His wrath.

Here is another hint about Babylon the Great, please notice “the cities of the nations fell,” but not Babylon the Great. The great city is of course Jerusalem (God’s city) and Babylon the Great is Satan’s city; the fall of Babylon the Great will be covered in more detail in chapter 18.

>20 Then every island fled away, and the mountains were not found. 

This earthquake will dramatically change the surface of the earth, no mountains, no islands, but we are not told if there will be oceans. We are told in chapter 21 the new earth will not have oceans. 

>21 And great hail from heaven fell upon men, each hailstone about the weight of a talent. Men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail, since that plague was exceedingly great.

A talent is about one hundred pounds. This is the end of God’s wrath and Psalm 110 has been fulfilled:

> The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.

This is the point where Christ returns to set up His Kingdom.


A lot of people have opinions on this.  But the reality is unless the Pope is willing to go back to an equal vote at ecumenical councils, remove all councils after the 7th ecumenical (and change any injection since like purgatory) and also remove the filioque I doubt they'll ever resolve the schism.  Plus this wouldn't include any non-chalcedonian Oriental orthodox churches.

As an Anabaptist, I believe that they are seeing the withdraw of Christianity through the world.  In America, the 20-30 age group are dumping the faith  completely and atheism is growing tremendously.   They both see the crisis.

My solution to this crisis is that people truly need to start following Jesus.  We need to crucify our flesh and believe that Jesus meant every word he said.  We need to stop worrying about building up our lives, wealth, and stature and get out there and help the homeless, sick, orphans, widows, etc.    Churchy Christianity is easy - it is not taking up the cross and following him.  It's fun to sit in pretty churches with buddies of the same faith, but very hard to go near stinky, desperate, desolate, and/or hateful people and bring them to Christ.

Some are alarmed with this news (ecumenism).  I see it as arbitrary.  If we want God's kingdom to raise in numbers, I believe we really need to start being "Christians" as Jesus told us to be.

Revelation 13:

>1 Then I stood on the sand of the sea. And I saw a beast rising up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and on his horns ten crowns, and on his heads a blasphemous name.

We saw in chapter twelve that Satan also has seven heads and ten horns. The seven heads are Satan’s seven super kingdoms (Daniel 2:38-42), Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, Persia, Greece, Rome, and the ten kings of the one world government. The ten horns are the ten kings of Satan’s final kingdom, the one world government (Daniel 2:42).

The only difference between this beast and Satan is that Satan has seven crowns on his seven heads signifying his rule over his seven super kingdoms; whereas this beast has ten crowns on his ten horns signifying his rule over the ten kings of the one world government, Satan’s seventh and final kingdom.

Satan and this beast could pass for twins or better yet maybe father and son. Oh yeah, I almost forgot, this beast is the son of perdition (aka Antichrist). I wonder why Paul called him “**the son of** perdition” and not the man of perdition? Who is this perdition that has this beast for his son? It is my belief (off the record of course) that the son of perdition is in fact the actual son of Satan (nephilim).

The “rising up out of the sea” signifies “the sea of Gentile peoples” (Daniel 7; Isaiah 60; Jude) this beast rises up out of the sea telling us he is a Gentile (or at least his mother is a Gentile).  :)

>2 Now the beast which I saw was like a leopard, his feet were like the feet of a bear, and his mouth like the mouth of a lion. The dragon gave him his power, his throne, and great authority.

Daniel uses four animals to describe the course of Satan’s kingdoms (Daniel 7:3-8) from Daniel’s time to the reign of Christ on earth. The first three animals are a lion (Babylonian), a bear (Medo-Persian), and a leopard (Greek). The fourth animal was a dreadful, indescribable beast.

John’s description (lion, bear, and leopard) of this beast tells us he is an extension of the fourth beast of Daniel 7. The son of perdition’s kingdom will include all of Satan’s great kingdoms of the past. 

This verse also tells us the son of perdition receives daddy’s... er…sorry, I mean Satan’s power, throne, and is given great authority.

>3 And I saw one of his heads as if it had been mortally wounded, and his deadly wound was healed. And all the world marveled and followed the beast.

The son of perdition gets a “fatal” wound that is healed (Zech 11:17). He is truly an antichrist; he even imitates Jesus in His death and Resurrection. The world will believe this, and it will cause them to marvel and worship this beast. 

Since the beast's heads represent Satan's super kingdoms, this also represents one of the kingdoms under Satan's authority that perished (Assyrian); that the son of perdition will revive to the amazement of the world.

>4 So they worshiped the dragon who gave authority to the beast; and they worshiped the beast, saying, "Who is like the beast? Who is able to make war with him?"

The world clearly worships Satan (the dragon), but how? This verse along with verses 12 and 15 lead us to believe that the image of the beast is in fact Satan. 

The people of the world (earth dwellers) believe the lie and think that Satan is God. In 2Cor 11:14 Paul states “… For Satan himself transforms himself into an angel of light.”

>5 And he was given a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies, and he was given authority to continue for forty-two months.

The son of perdition is a smooth talking politician who talks his way into power peacefully. He makes a seven year peace covenant with blind and deaf Israel, but breaks it after 3½ years, (Daniel 9:27), he is “given” (by God) authority over the entire world for forty two months. 

The seven years of Daniel’s 70th week consist of 3½ years of peace for Israel and then 3½ years (forty-two months) of the great Tribulation also known as the “time of Jacob’s trouble” (Jeremiah 30:7).

>6 Then he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme His name, His tabernacle, and those who dwell in heaven.

The son of perdition is a great communicator and he uses all his skills to turn the world against Christianity, Israel, and all things of God. He deceives the world with the power of Satan, enters God’s temple and proclaims that he is God (2Thess 2:3-4) and the earth dwellers believe the lie, believing he is God. This is when Israel rebels, rejecting both the son of perdition and the false prophet as their Messiah. 

>7 It was granted to him to make war with the saints and to overcome them. And authority was given him over every tribe, tongue, and nation.

The son of perdition is given authority by God to persecute the people of Israel and the tribulation saints over the entire world. The only people he cannot get to is the remnant of Israel being protected by Michael the Archangel in the mountains of Jordan (Daniel 12:1).

It is this remnant of Israel in the mountains of Jordan that will realize Jesus is their Messiah after God pours His spirit upon them (Zech 12:10). It is their prayers that will bring Christ’s return (Hos 5:15) saving them from Satan and the son of perdition’s army (Rev 19).

>8 All who dwell on the earth will worship him, whose names have not been written in the Book of Life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

Earth dwellers opposed to pilgrims; earth dwellers call the earth their home and cherish worldly things. True believers are just pilgrims passing through on their way to be with the Lord.

>9 If anyone has an ear, let him hear.

This introduces a word of warning, meant to get our attention.

>10 He who leads into captivity shall go into captivity; he who kills with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.

What you do, will be done to you, there is no hope in fighting against the son of perdition. Believers should willingly submit to whatever fate is in store for them and not resist their persecutors. This is an encouragement for believers to submit to the sovereignty of God realizing that God has ordained the unfolding events.

>11 Then I saw another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb and spoke like a dragon.

The ‘sea’ signifies the gentile people (Daniel 7; Isaiah 60; Jude) and the ‘earth’ signifies the people of Israel. This beast is the false prophet and he is from one of the tribes of Israel. Israel will accept him as their Messiah (John 5:43). 

>12 And he exercises all the authority of the first beast in his presence, and causes the earth and those who dwell in it to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.

Satan the great imitator of God sets up his unholy trinity. Satan is the anti-father; the son of perdition is the anti-son, and the false prophet is the anti-holy spirit. 

It would seem the false prophet only has power when in the sight of the son of perdition. The false prophet leads the world in a new religion that worships the son of perdition and the image of the beast (which is really Satan).

>13 He performs great signs, so that he even makes fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men.

In Deuteronomy 13:1-5, God warns His people to judge a worker of miracles by their message, not only by their works. Satan copies the miracles of the two witnesses who are ministering during this same time.

>14 And he deceives those who dwell on the earth by those signs which he was granted to do in the sight of the beast, telling those who dwell on the earth to make an image to the beast who was wounded by the sword and lived.

This idolatrous image is what Jesus, Daniel, and Paul spoke of as the abomination of desolation. It is an idolatrous image setup in the Holy of Holies in God’s temple. It is this image that Satan indwells insisting the entire world worship him. 

>15 He was granted power to give breath to the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak and cause as many as would not worship the image of the beast to be killed.

The world must worship not the son of perdition but this “image of the beast,” this verse leads me to believe that Satan indwells this “image” because we know that due to his great pride he desires much worship.

>16-17 He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.

This is a mark or a seal with the technology to communicate with a supercomputer that will manage all your financial transactions. Your pay will be deposited and you will need this mark to make all of your purchases; without this mark you will not be able to buy anything because there will be no cash, checks, debit or credit cards.

The only way to get this mark will be to worship and swear allegiance to the image of the beast. Revelation 14 tells us that anyone who receives this mark of the beast will be thrown into the lake of fire (no exceptions).

It is my belief (off the record of course) that this mark will also offer longer life and less disease because it will genetically modify the DNA of those who receive it. Once your DNA has been genetically modified you will no longer be a man (genetically modified organism) and will not be able to be redeemed of your sins by man’s Kinsman Redeemer.

2Cor. 5:2-4 tells us that our spirit is **clothed** with our body of flesh and Zephaniah 1:8 states: “"And it shall be, In the day of the LORD's sacrifice, That I will punish the princes and the king's children, And all such as **are clothed with foreign apparel**.” 

To be clothed in foreign apparel means that your spirit is clothed with something that is foreign to God’s Kingdom. You have been genetically modified and are no longer human. Christ is no longer your Kin and you cannot be redeemed by man’s Kinsman Redeemer. 

>18 Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number is 666.

The attempts to interpret this number are endless and I lack the wisdom to interpret this verse. 

"It is my belief (off the record of course) that this mark will also offer longer life and less disease because it will genetically modify the DNA of those who receive it. Once your DNA has been genetically modified you will no longer be a man (genetically modified organism) and will not be able to be redeemed of your sins by man’s Kinsman Redeemer." 

Wat 

[removed]
Awesome break down. :)
Excellent post. Thank you! The DNA theory in the mark of the beast is certainly a unique one. Interesting.
Banned for rule 4 violation.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Revelation 12:

>1 Now a great sign appeared in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet, and on her head a garland of twelve stars.

We now have another interlude before the bowl judgments these interludes go back and fill in details that the Lord wants us to know. Chapters 12 and 13 give us insight into Satan’s activity. The method of narration at this point changes; it focuses on the secret maneuvers behind the visible conflict.

John tells us this is a sign, the woman signifies Israel, and the twelve stars signify the twelve tribes of Israel (Gen. 37: 5-10).

>2 Then being with child, she cried out in labor and in pain to give birth.

The child signifies Christ, who came out of Israel. The woman’s pain signifies the pain that the nation of Israel endured from the attacks of Satan (trying to destroy them) over thousands of years because Israel had been chosen by God to bring forth Messiah.

>3 And another sign appeared in heaven: behold, a great, fiery red dragon having seven heads and ten horns, and seven diadems on his heads.

This dragon signifies Satan; the seven heads signify Satan’s seven super kingdoms; Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, Persia, Greece, Rome and the not too distant one world government. The seven royal crowns signify his rule over these seven kingdoms. The ten horns are ten kings in his last and most powerful kingdom, the one world government.

We will see in chapter 13 that the son of perdition (Antichrist) also has seven heads and ten horns, but he has ten crowns and they are on his ten horns signifying his rule over this one world government. Please notice: here is Satan **still** in heaven not fallen yet, awaiting the birth of Christ. 

>4 His tail drew a third of the stars of heaven and threw them to the earth. And the dragon stood before the woman who was ready to give birth, to devour her Child as soon as it was born.

The stars signify angels and the third thrown to earth are the angels that fight alongside Satan in verse nine. Satan did 
everything in his power to stop Messiah from being born and will continue to try and stop Christ from returning.

>5 She bore a male Child who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron. And her Child was caught up to God and His throne.

Jesus Christ, after Satan tried Him but found no sin in Him, was taken up to heaven and sits on the right hand of God.

>6 Then the woman fled into the wilderness, where she has a place prepared by God that they should feed her there one thousand two hundred and sixty days.

The son of perdition (aka Antichrist), halfway through Daniel’s 70th week, because Satan has lost his battle and been thrown out of heaven, goes into the temple and claims to be God. He sets up the image of the beast (which is indwelt by Satan) and demands Satan be worshipped; this is the abomination of desolation spoken of by Jesus in Matt.24:15. 

Jesus warns the people to flee into the wilderness when they see this. One third of Israel flee into the mountains of Jordan with divine help and are protected there by Michael the Archangel (Dan12:1) for the 3½ years (1260days) of the great Tribulation.

Satan knows that if he can kill all of Israel then God’s eternal plan is thwarted and Christ will not be able to return (Hos 5:15).The son of perdition kills two thirds of the people of Israel but the one third remnant escapes with divine help.

>7-8 And war broke out in heaven: Michael and his angels fought with the dragon; and the dragon and his angels fought, but they did not prevail, nor was a place found for them in heaven any longer.

Here is Satan’s rebellion, sometime **after** the birth of Christ. This tells us sometime after the birth and resurrection of Christ, Satan will no longer be allowed into heaven, up until this happens (at the mid-point of Daniel’s 70th week) Satan has access to heaven.

>9 So the great dragon was cast out, that serpent of old, called the Devil and Satan, who deceives the whole world; he was cast to the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.

Satan’s fall starts the great Tribulation (halfway through Daniel’s 70th week). The son of perdition (aka Antichrist) sets up the image of the beast in the temple so Satan can indwell it and be worshipped by all the earth dwellers.

>10 Then I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of His Christ have come, for the accuser of our brethren, who accused them before our God day and night, has been cast down.

Heaven rejoices in the fact that Satan is no longer allowed into heaven.

>11 "And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony, and they did not love their lives to the death.

The “they” in this verse is “our brethren” from the previous verse, which of course means the saints.

The “blood of the Lamb” speaks to us of the real, physical death of Jesus Christ in our place, on our behalf, before God. Christ’s literal death in our place, and the literal judgment He bore on our behalf, is what saved us.

The martyrs, rather than signaling the triumph of Satan, show instead they have gained victory over Satan by their acceptance of Jesus Christ and their obedient suffering with Him.

>12 "Therefore rejoice O heavens, and you who dwell in them! Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and the sea! For the devil has come down to you, having great wrath, because he knows that he has a short time."

Satan knows at this time that he only has 3½ years to thwart God’s plan for man’s redemption. This is why he immediately attacks Israel in an attempt to totally eliminate the twelve tribes. 

>13 Now when the dragon saw that he had been cast to the earth, he persecuted the woman who gave birth to the male Child.

Why does Satan attack Israel? From the time of Abraham it was known that Israel had a critical role in God’s plan of redemption; Israel was to bring forth Messiah. 

Christ stated that He would not return until Israel petitioned Him (Hos 5:15). Satan knows if he can eliminate all of Israel then there will be no one to petition Christ to return and God’s eternal plan will be thwarted.

Satan tried to eliminate Israel (many times) so Messiah could not be born, and he has been trying to eliminate Israel (many times) ever since so Christ cannot return. 

>14 But the woman was given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness to her place, where she is nourished for a time and times and half a time, from the presence of the serpent.

The remnant (one third) of Israel is given divine help to escape the son of perdition (and Satan) and is protected from them for “a time and times and half a time” which is 3½ years. This is the 3½ years of the second half of Daniel’s 70th week which is better known as the great tribulation.

>15 So the serpent spewed water out of his mouth like a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away by the flood.

The son of perdition (with the help of Satan) attacks Israel with everything at his disposal, he kills two thirds of the people of Israel (Zech 13).

>16 But the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened its mouth and swallowed up the flood which the dragon had spewed out of his mouth.

“When the enemy comes in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him” Isaiah 59:19. This is the divine help given to the remnant of Israel in their escape from the son of perdition.

>17 And the dragon was enraged with the woman, and he went to make war with the rest of her offspring, who keep the commandments of God and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.

The son of perdition in tandem with Satan determine they cannot get to the remnant of Israel because of the protection from  Michael the Archangel and the angelic host (Daniel 12) so they turn their fury against the Christians and people of Israel who are in the rest of the world.

I fear this subreddit, just like r/Christianity, has been infiltrated by atheist trolls...

New posts getting downvoted in an instant with 0 comments....not cool. Come on guys, let's start getting into the gospel and our faith.

For starters, Let's talk about the Sabbath. Is it biblically supported to not observe the Sabbath and worship on Sunday? This is simply an example, but we need to discuss things like this on occasion.

God bless you all!
If there's anything the mods can do, please message us. We have zero tolerance for trolls.
Since this is a meta thread, you need to be aware that such talk will quickly lead down a path of historical documents and quotes from the old testament and will therefore fall under the domain of anti-christian rhetoric. Contrary views will abound.

For example, just for example, the sabbath discussion will include a discussion of sol invicta and how Constantine instituted sol invicta in 321, 9 years after his supposed conversion to christianity. This is pure egyptian/roman mithraism. This is why the Jews were sent into slavery in Egypt in the first place; they were worshipping on Sunday.

This kind of talk will rail you guys to no end but it is the essential truth. Christianity has adopted too many pagan practices including human sacrifice.

And this isn't really new information is it? This stuff is all over the web.

So basically if you want to revive this sub you need to realize that 18th century apologetic don't cut it anymore. Christians are still using "let us make man in our image" to reference the trinity and all serious christian apologetics (and I am talking church fathers here) realized their error on that 200 years ago!

You guys have to understand. We live in the age of the internet. The mystery traditions have all but been openly published. We bloody well know the Trinity was a sumerian/babylonian invention coming down from nimrod and the tower of babel. We know that the concept of a rebellious satan who has the power to oppose god is persian dualism. We know this because we have the traditions coming down and being published from those traditions from outside of christianity.

You have to read the bible for yourselves. Most christians still haven't come to grips with how Paul poisoned the words of Jesus. I mean come on. Paul of **Tarsis**? Really? And you still haven't caught on yet?

What do you think God meant when he said he would send false prophets to the Jews to test them and try to trick them into believing in Gods which their fathers did not know? What do you think it means to not put another god before God's face? Didn't you learn the truth about the golden calf? Read the bible! Just read it! Exodus 32:

32  And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down from the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we know not what is become of him.

The golden calf was supposed to be a mediator between israel and God! THAT WAS THE SIN; THAT WAS THE IDOLATRY; it is in the nature of worshiping an IDOL and not GOD!

So you see, the sub is dead, because Christianity has a serious problem. The new testament does not comport with the old. It just doesn't. And for what it's worth, I was raised a catholic, and my mother was a greek and hebrew speaking bible scholar. We found the truth. But you have to knock before the door will be opened.
I think it's the voting.  Lots of good posts are downvoted.  The only posts that make it above a few points are support requests and news/politics.  I think the best thing a user can do is sort by new and upvote more.
I appreciate that, thank you!

but like u/lux514 pointed out, it mostly the downvoting. I understand downvoting content that doesn't belong on this sub, but the downvoting that's gotten out of control is not that at all; its people senselessly downvoting very worthy r/Christian content. 

Now, I don't know if there's much we can do about that, except maybe having more community involvement and upvoting new content as it comes. I know I'll try and do my part. With over 1,891 subscribers, we just need a revival, we have enough people.

Perhaps, u/CATHOLIC_EXTREMIST, you can put a sticky up concerning all of this, or a post? Just a thought. I really do appreciate you lending a hand!

Edit: spelling
You gotta pay the troll toll
I think we discovered our first troll...
Don't you think it says something about the integrity of this sub and consequently your organization if you can't handle a few hecklers on the internet 
Mathew 5:18
The Torah
I believe He was referring to the law of God. Notice the wording of the passage:

“Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. For truly, I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the Law until all is accomplished. Therefore whoever relaxes one of the least of these commandments and teaches others to do the same will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever does them and teaches them will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. For I tell you, unless your righteousness exceeds that of the scribes and Pharisees, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.

1. He didn't come to abolish the Old Testament (Law and Prophets).
2. He came to fulfill the Old Testament.
3. Nothing will pass away from the law till all is accomplished.
4. Those who seek to do away with the Old Testament will have low standing in heaven.
5. Those who uphold the Old Testament will have high standing.
6. No one will enter the kingdom unless their righteousness exceeds that of the scribes and Pharisees.

I get that this can be confusing because elsewhere in the New Testament we are told that we are saved by God's grace through faith and that we are made righteous without the law. 

In the time of Christ the Old Testament was the Bible. The New Testament hadn't been written yet. Of course Jesus didn't come to abolish the Scripture. He came to fulfill what Scripture teaches. The Old Testament pointed to the coming Messiah (Jesus). He came to fulfill what Scripture pointed to concerning His birth, life, death, and resurrection. He came to bring salvation to a lost world. Anyone that would dare claim that any book of the Bible isn't Scripture is not being led by God. God inspired the Scripture.

He didn't abolish the law but He did fulfill it. Christ ushered in the age of grace. We are now living in the time of the church. The Old Testament Mosaic Law no longer applies. As Paul taught, it saves no one. We find salvation by God's grace through faith in Christ. The moral teachings of the Old Testament haven't gone anywhere. For a Christ follower it would be a good idea to stick to the New Testament for the most part.
"Till all is fulfilled" is after that.

Through the New Testament, it states "so that it was fulfilled" when Jesus did something.  Such as ride into Jerusalem on a donkey.

When he said "It is finished", it was literally the blood of the New Covenant.
This is the law of God's commandments. However, just because it exists, doesn't mean He expects us to keep it!

The law functions to make demands that we cannot keep, to expose us as sinners. It is like a flashlight that shines on us so that we can know that we are sinners - "for by the law is the clear knowledge of sin" (Rom.3:20). 

It was never meant as a standard for us to keep by the natural life. It is literally impossible for us to keep the law by our natural selves - "The mind governed by the flesh is hostile to God; it does not submit to God’s law, nor can it do so" (Rom. 8:7).

Rather, we should pray ourselves into God's presence, even into God Himself, that we could live by the Spirit - spontaneously and effortlessly keeping all the laws by the Spirit: "that the righteous requirement of the law might be fully fulfilled in us, who do not live according to the flesh but according to the Spirit" (Rom. 8:4).

If we try to keep God's law in ourselves instead of simply coming to God, we are doomed to failure. Our flesh will always rise up to prevent us from fulfilling God's law - "...in my inner being I delight in God’s law; but I see another law at work in me, waging war against the law of my mind and making me a prisoner of the law of sin at work within me" (Rom. 7:22-23)

Wretched man that I am! (7:24) I am absolutely incapable of any kind of righteousness whatsoever (7:15-17). I want to, but I simply can't (7:18). But praise the Lord, Jesus Christ rescues us (7:25) by the law of Spirit of life (8:2) which enables us to fulfill all the righteous requirements of the law (8:4). Amen! Praise the Lord!
The ceremonial law was done away with but not the 10 commandment law.  I also don't believe those who teach people to disregard God's commandments will be the least in the kingdom of Heaven but rather that those in Heaven will refer to them (the lost individuals teaching this heresy) as "least".
I wouldn't say just focus on the New testament... Only that you pray and ask God to guide your reading. The old testament can reveal a lot regarding the end of times. And the psalms are beautiful..
Let me guess - Adventist?
It simply seems to difficult to live life following ALL of leviticus, and the old testament in general, but at the same time, it seems hypocritical to choose homosexuality and leave the rest.  So what do we do?  Chuck the whole thing, and just say homosexuality and all of it is okay, or do we keep all of it and only eat what it says we can, not stay in the house with a woman on her period, not mix fabrics etc?
I'm sure more people will comment with better answers, but long story short... Leviticus is old covenant. We are not bound by those rules in the new covenant. Homosexuality is condemned in the new testament, which is the new covenant. The cloth and shellfish laws are not included in the new covenant. 
To expand slightly on jsphillips86: The old covanent was instated by God both to give Jewish law and good health habits as well as to highlight the fact that people suck at following rules. The ten commandments as well as the rest of Torah stand as a testament to God's perfection, and how far we fall from it. The reason we no longer follow this is because Christ came to take on the burden of our sins, and make us free from the law which we, again, suck at keeping. The new covanent, which Christ made with us, allows us a place at his side in spite of our sinful nature, but we must love and follow him. However, living in perpetual sin is living away from God, and therefore means you have not truly accepted him. Living with God means that even though you still fall to sin, you've turned your back on that lifestyle and choose to instead fight to be as Christ-like as you can be. This is why we have the New Testament, and the Old Testament.

So now that we have that squared away, we can simply say that God spells out clearly in the New Testament that the homosexual lifestyle is not a 'Godly' lifestyle, and you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven if you choose it.

This is super tl;dr of the actual theology, but I think it covers the basics.

(Also, it means we have no prejudice against gays, we simply do not believe that lifestyle is part of what God wants for any of us)

Merry Christmas!

Once again, that was old jewish law that was abolished by Jesus
If you are to have sinful desires then stop the source of the sin. Mathew 19:12 I did so to serve the kingdom of heaven, so why don't the homosexuals do so to serve Elohim and rid themselves of the sin that plagues them. Besides to sweeten the pot they will be rewarded. Isaiah 56:4-5.
Also in the "old covenant", the 10 commandments, 
No prejudice against gays?  Seriously?  Have you been listening?  Another example of personalized Christianity?
Also in the the "new covenant", the 10 commandments.
Which are also no longer binding upon us.
Yep. Seriously. 

The stance of most churches (including the entire catholic church) is a stance of no prejudice, because we have nothing to be prejudiced against. The "God hates fags" crowd is just an annoying little minority. 
AThere are gay people in every church...the church is frankly in no moral position to be prejudiced.  We know who they are, and we love them enough to keep them close to us and hopefully pray for them and teach them till their sin is broken off from them, NOT to push them out or not allow them to be with us, work with us, etc.  The Westboro baptist church is probably how you think we all are, but thats like thinking Mr. Slave from South Park is how all gays are.  Also, we don't believe homosexuality is a part of a person's identity, ergo believing homosexuality is a sin isn't prejudice to us, it's just that we love them enough that we want to tear them away from something we believe is harmful to them.  The same way if someone loves their drugs, you would tear them away from that if you loved them.
I am so sad for you.  I just want to hug you and tell you that someone has lied to you, that it's not your fault for believing them because you have been told your whole life to believe them, but they are wrong.  Everything we know as humans (except what THEY say) proves they're wrong.  All the study, all the experiences, all the knowledge; everything but what this one group says, tells us they are wrong.  About so much, just plain wrong.  I'm very sorry you believe them.  Good luck.


I'm a 25 year old femail who is starting to see a good friend who is agnostic. Last night my sister lectured me for 30 min how dating him would be a terrible mistake because she thinks I will never be happy and end up miserable and alone. 
Could someone offer me some perspective please.
Do not be yoked together with unbelievers. For what do righteousness and wickedness have in common? Or what fellowship can light have with darkness?
2 Cor 6:14
I was engaged to a woman who is a Christian while I was openly atheist. I wasn't a hateful atheist, I just wanted us to each respect each other's perspectives which I thought was pretty cool of me and should be more than enough for her. She was okay with it too, for the most part.

Well, we broke up over other things, I got depressed, I found God and now I'm on the other side. I see now how hurtful and harmful it was for her to be with me and I could never recommend it. You can't be with someone hoping they change (anything, not just religion). My mom has done it for 30+ years and hasn't had the happiness she would if she could fully share her faith with my dad.
Are you going to have a relationship grounded in rationality or superstition? If you could prove your beliefs there wouldn't be any doubt when it comes to matters of "faith." Do you really think there is any dictate in the doctrine you believe that is in conflict with how one should rationally and morally treat someone they love? If anything his lack of belief makes you an equal in the relationship and allows you to be a rational actor, as compared to someone who has to submit unquestioningly to his will because of some "device" edict. There are abortion bombers who are Christians. There are wife beaters and slave owners who were considered good Christians and there are Atheists who feed the poor and live a more Christ-like than the former. As long as it's not going to be a hot button issue and if you can love each other and live peacefully I see no reason you should throw away the gift of love over what should be your personal and private relationship with God. 
You'd be with someone who doesn't believe as you believe on the single, greatest aspect of life.

If you don't see anything wrong with this, then there are more problems than you just wanting to date an agnostic. This means you yourself are not grounded enough and mature enough for a relarionship. 

Marriage is hard enough when you have two Christians on the same boat, headed to the same harbor. Storms get strong, seas get rough, and when two people are working hand-in-hand the odds are already against them in today's society.

Now take that metaphor and put those people in separate boats, heading for separate harbors... something is going to give, and most likely it'll be you compromising your faith in the end.

What about children? Two Christian parents have hard enough time raising children. Can you imaging a spouse who's not in agreement on important issues? That creates conflict between spouses and kids see that.

Please don't do this... your sister was right to advise against it. Give her a pat on the back for me.
Ignoring the religion bit for a moment, you need to be happy with someone as they are.  You shouldn't enter a relationship with an idea that the other will change, if you do then you're not perfectly happy with who they are. If you're not perfectly happy with who they are then you might end up resenting them, or holding back, or they might end up resenting you for loving this imagined ideal them instead of the actual them.

As a Christian you must want your partner to be a Christian. This puts you in a position of wanting something more of a person than they currently are. 
As mentioned above with 2 Cor 6:14, believes it is coming from the perspective of love for the believers, rather than trying to be hurtful for the non believers.

Imho, it is possible if both are not actively trying to change or challenge the other's views. Lol ya sure in most marriages.

From the perspective of a believer, it will be quite painful for a believer to be married to an agnostic, knowing what will happen one day, without change. Unless the believer does not take their faith seriously. God is omnipotent, but believes God give everyone the option to choose and go on with it. God already knows how each indivduals are going to choose, however don't believe God is going to interfere with that simple yes or no, even when he can do so easily. So it will be hard to know if the siginificant agnostic other is going to make that call one day.

Think of the future children too, it stinks when both parents are going at it for religious or other reasons constantly.

But hey, different people likes different things. Some actively seek difficult, challenging relationships. That is how they tick, fortunately or unfortunately.
He may not stay on the fence forever; Thomas the Apostle was agnostic, until he wasn't.
Dating is a hot topic. I think going on dates is OK (you can grow a lot personally), but as soon as you get into the "we're in a serious relationship" phase, it's very important to have the same faith.

Why? As a Christian, we believe this Jesus guy walked and talked, died and rose again. We believe everyone goes to heaven or hell. To get to heaven, you put your faith in Jesus. If your faith isn't in Jesus, you're going to hell.

It stinks, because maybe you two have great chemistry and have a really good time together. Maybe you get married (is this a convenient contract or a covenant under God?). Maybe you have a child together (should our child believe in Jesus?). Maybe you grow old and die together (will we be in heaven together?).

It's with these big questions that faith will be a big deal.

I'm not saying "avoid this man like the plague." Be friends, go on dates (I say, again hot topic), have these talks. **You're young, do not feel like you're under some peer/time pressure.** If things get serious, you should be serious about your faith.
A thousand times this!
You sound like an Islamist quoting 9:23- of the Quran. 

> 9:23 O ye who believe! Choose not your fathers nor your brethren for friends if they take pleasure in disbelief rather than faith. Whoso of you taketh them for friends, such are wrong-doers.￼ ￼ ￼ (9:23)"Choose not your fathers nor your brethren for friends if they take pleasure in disbelief rather than faith."
Don't be friends with disbelieving family members. Those who do so are wrong-doers.

> (9:24) "If your fathers, and your sons, and your brethren, and your wives ... are dearer to you than Allah and His messenger ... then wait till Allah bringeth His command to pass."
If you value your parents, wives, and children more than Allah and Muhammad, then just wait and see what Allah will do to you after you die.

http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/quran/9/
Begs to strongly differ. At least not going to downvote you personally in an uncivil manner like some professed "Christians", or just people on reddit. Will even upvote you personally if you get downvoted.

That said this might be an argument game for you here, but this is the possible future **life** of someone else we are talking about. What life experiences, knowledge, or wisdoms do you possess to believe that opinion warrant any credibility? Personal experiences in many of these sort of situation begs otherwise.

Will agrees with you that many "Christians" who bombs, beat wives, owns slaves, and more will have to have a very hard look on their faith.

So go on with your strong opinions of rationality and superstitution on here. Have a good one too.



Rant

On the fence good people feeding the poor, yes. Hardcore antagonist atheists with no religious beliefs, not even the likes of part buddhism, who trolls people while feeding the poor and living a more Christ like life? Gtfrickingo. Where? Know plenty of them too, most selfish people there are, and self justifies just like some people with faith. Not talking about medical volunteers who don't care if there is a God or not but still does lots of good, plenty of those types. Talking about the ones saying there is no god and making sure everything revolves around that debate.

/Rant
Thank you so much 
Wait, what?
This is great advice. Thank you much.
Dating someone you couldn't marry is actually really bad advice. I've seen this time and time again. Christian girls seem particularly prone to falling for non-Christian men, much more so than the reverse in my experience. It's a very bad idea. What are you going to do if you really fall for him? It's going to break your heart. Or worse, you might marry him. 

I actually spoke to an older pastor who said he had never known it to result in a happy marriage. Ever. 
NP. I'm a recently married under-30 guy and I hope it helps. I couldn't imagine not sharing my faith with my wife, as it adds an awesome level of depth/intimacy to our relationship.
That is not good advice. You'd be playing with fire only asking to get burned in the end. 

Once you've grown attached, turning on that relationship from becoming stronger is harder than you think.
the dating hot topic - "never date unless for marriage" vs. "date around", plus in-between.

I'm pro-date. The book "How To Get A Date Worth Keeping" by Henry Cloud helped me figure a LOT of stuff out.

**In both cases, having solid believers in your life (small group, friends, etc) is immensely helpful as a soundboard and as accountability.** All relationships are complicated, and us humans are pretty bad at making decisions.
I'm not going oppose dating (although ultimately that decision should be left up to the parents), but I will if it's an unbeliever. No exceptions. 

Her sister was right, and who are we to contradict her? I'd say her sister loves her more than any of us and is looking out for her. 
First: I'm very happy Reddit creates conversations. This is a good thing.

Second: We know 52 words about OP, but OP's sister knows her better. There can definitely be things I/We are missing on you, OP. Maybe you need professional help. Maybe you're a normal person looking for ideas.

Third: That book "How To Get A Date Worth Keeping" by Christian psychologist Dr. Henry Cloud takes one day to read. He strongly states to avoid missionary dating, especially if: 

* you are looking at all dates as potential mates (he says commit to not committing for a set period of time)
* you think this person could compromise your faith (you fall in love with him more than you're in love with Jesus)
* you are lonely (get your bearings first)
* you don't have a faith community/small group (don't fly solo in your faith walk)
* you are sexually impulsive (be honest with yourself and don't set yourself up for failure)

**Most importantly: Stay sold-out to your faith and keep those believers in your life. Accountability and a soundboard are so, so important.**

This runs counter to the conservative "only ever date to marry" people. I encourage anyone to check out that book, and others! Dating is complicated! Read a book on it (we read dozens for school, why not 3 for "How to date"?)

I started reading a chapter of the bible each night with my wife.  We usually read a chapter and the short daily bible study from Our Daily Bread.  Started quite a while ago.  We have two books from the NT that we still haven't read and about 9 from the OT.   We generally just pick a new book, when we finish one.  There have been plenty of times when we haven't been able to read together at night and we 'skip it'.  Othertimes if we have 'skipped it' for a night or two, and we still don't seem to have a lot of time we will 'catch up' just by reading the ODB pages to catch up to the current day. 

It was really really awkward at first. My family never did any kind of bible study growing up, and my wife's family was not religious at all.  We kind of just embraced the awkwardness of it, and kept at it.  Now we really can't do without it.  The days we 'skip it' there is always a sense something is missing. 
One thing I've learned and try to carry out is in Proverbs.  There are 31 chapters in proverbs and usually 31 days in a month. It's easy to keep up and if you miss a day you can just match us the date with the chapter.  That and I am going through the new testament. 
I have always felt the need to open the bible everyday to a random spot just to see what I needed to read that day. It was extremely interesting to do but I haven't done it in a couple of years. Life, unfortunately, has gotten in the way of that. Stupid excuse but I want to change that. Taking 15 minutes out of my day to praise the Lord and read his written word isn't something I can't do, I just haven't.
I always read my bible at least once a day. God has done so much for me, the last I can do is read his word. I also think that it's a very important if you want to grow in your faith. 


If you want God to tell you stuff, you have to listen. 
That's pretty funny, I actually was doing this also. 1 chapter of Psalms, 1 chapter of Proverbs and some new testament reading. :) Thanks for sharing!



Cool site man, love the idea! Your in my prayers 
Lots of love for this. God bless you! Excited to see this brand succeed. Great conversation starter too. 
Love the logo, nice site aesthetic. Best of luck.
It's a lot of responsibility, isn't it?

Also, who confesses the Pope? 

Two parts.
Try r/Christianity. This sub is dead. 

*disclaimer* you will get a lot of Luke warm Christians in there. A lot of heresy too. That is why I left the sub. 
I'm a Protestant, I hope he liked American. 
He is but a man like anyone else
[deleted]
The same as for any human being 
Absolutely. Also pray and thank God's will be done, whatever that might be.

As for who confesses the Pope, it is a curious thing to wonder about, tho does not matter or worth thinking about for too long, imho.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/postpresbyterian] ["How should I pray for the Pope, as an Old Protestant?" \[x-post \/r\/Christian\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/postpresbyterian/comments/3vgde9/how_should_i_pray_for_the_pope_as_an_old/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Same.   This sub is so dead, but the other sub is pretty vile. 
me too, I think.
you're mind is a mystery.
My Christian friend (M) just split with his non Christian girlfriend of 2 years on the pretext he no longer believes he can date a non-Christian. What are your opinions on this it, is this generally the correct thing to do? As an atheist this is obviously hard for me to understand and would love guidance on the situation 
Sure. Christians tend to think of dating as principly a way of evaluating marriage partners and not an end in and of itself.  And as they think christians shouldn't marry non-christians, they shouldn't date them.

As for why christians shouldn't marry a non-christian, the bible talks about being "unequally yoked" which is a helpful metaphor for the situation.  When you marry someone you are joined to them, you are going together in the same direction.  With a christian marrying a christian, you are fundamentally on the same page about all your decisions - even if you disagree you have a framework for going about thinking about the issue, a community to support you, and a shared consensus about the truly important things.  A marriage between a non-christian and a christian doesn't have that common ground, and is therefore a lot harder work (and marriage is pretty hard work anyway).  For example, will the children be raised as christians?  Will the partner support them as a christian - encouraging them to do what god says, etc?  Will the partner be ok with them disappearing one day a week to church?  

The exception to this is converting to christianity as a married person - an exception worth mentioning but not really relevant enough to merit going into.

Now, there are some marriage-like qualities to dating.  You might have to make compromises and do things you don't want to do, and things they want you to do.  This is very normal and fine, but what if the thing you don't want to do is something God says not to do, and the thing you want to do is something he says to do?  That case your girlfriend or boyfriend is ultimately putting you under pressure to compromise your faith!  A classic example of this is sexual temptation, where the bible is pretty clear that sex is for marriage, but most non-christians don't see things that way.  Even when christians are dating it can be pretty hard to hold back from that, so when one is putting pressure on the other it's much harder to resist.
From a non-religious standpoint, it doesn't have to be about what you believe; it's what your entire life is working toward; your purpose. As a Christian, your aim should be to live your life in order to please Christ. *That* is the first and foremost relationship that should be on any Christian's mind. A Christian and a non-Christian are literally living two vastly different lives, so much so that a marriage is an unthinkably bad idea. And, as others pointed out, dating is a forerunner to marriage. It's generally looked down upon to date "for fun," that is, *knowing* that you won't get married.
As an atheist, I would not recommend that evangelical Christians and atheists get into long term relationships, unless they are really open minded towards each other. 

It will be very problematic if they get married and have kids. Would they raise them as Christian or Non-Christian?

Disclosure: My fiance is a Christian, albeit a fairly liberal one. We both have our own kids, so we don't plan on having more. We allow each other the freedom to pursue whatever beliefs we want.
This will sound funny, but your friend's decision is a very mature decision. As a Christian, I hope his ex-girlfriend thinks hard about Christianity. Mainly...

I think the hardest thing I'd experience if I were in his shoes is believing my girlfriend was going to hell. The Bible paints a pretty black and white picture of "What happens after you die?" Being intimate with someone who is a non-believer, and is therefore going to hell, would be heartbreaking. It'd be like watching your lover walk towards an oncoming truck.

Imagine arriving in heaven and finding out your spouse/best friend is not there. The idea of not spending eternity in heaven with a her, knowing she's in eternal hell, should be pretty heartbreaking.

See that famous Penn Jillette quote. Your friend had the backbone to say "this is very important to me", which is admirable. We can disagree and live together in a nation (liberty is wonderful), but disagreeing and being intimate/married would be very hard.
Good for you 
Yeah thankyou! (Thanks to everyone) it is nice to read well written responses, it has open my mind a lot.
I'm not op, this is best posted as a parent level comment.  It's a good point :)
whoops, sorry!

We should all be like the apostles and be truly ready to die for our Lord. Great stuff.

There is a lot of persecution going on in China, have to pray for those churches. 
"A picture circulating online in May shows smoke rising from a cross at the Huzhen Church in Lishui city as it was being removed. Officials later denied that they set fire to the cross, saying that it began burning on its own."

O_o


The short answer is "No" but you may find members and some pastors who do.
How can something that contradicts itself be inerrant? I have always wondered how that can be rationalized, since it isn't rational. 
Can you rephrase that question?
Do you believe that the Bible contains everything that God wanted it to contain, warts and contradictions and all? 

I do. I think that the fact that there are examples of awful people, bad choices, and statements that are hard to reconcile with other statements shows that God knows who WE are - prone to stumble, not nearly perfect.

God's word is just what we, as flawed human people, need to hear. That's not a mistake - hence, it's inerrant. Everything in it is supposed to be in there.

THAT is an example of how to the PCUSA could still hold to an "inerrant" view of Scripture.
I wasn't thinking of inerrancy in those terms, but I like it!  Warts and all...
I may have been connecting "inerrancy" with "literalism"
So its like the writers being put under a trance and heard a loud voice in thier head and they wrote it down? How do we say how God wrote the bible through men? How do we say it wasn't really written by men?
There are LOTS and LOTS of people in Christendom who recognize that the Bible WAS written by men. 

Men held the pen. God didn't supernaturally dictate word-for-word, because we can see the clear differences in *style* between authors. Isaiah, for example, was a court prophet, and moved in "high Israeli society. His Hebrew is very well structured. Amos, on the other hand, was a migrant farm worker and herdsman. His Hebrew is pretty "street", low-brow.

And yet both of them brought "the Word of the Lord": they were inspired to write down what the Lord was prompting them to write.

Jeremiah is an excellent example of what this process looks like: he wrote down the conversations themselves between him and the Lord. So, in the book of Jeremiah, we have the message of the Lord (the specific prophetic warnings to Israel) AND we have Jeremiah's diary-like entries as to how those warnings were received and given.

Therefore, we recognize that the Bible is inspired by God. Literally, "God-breathed". (2 Timothy 3:16 says it flat out.)

SO - "like the writers being put in a trance" - I'd say no, not really. (There are a couple of instances where Biblical writers specifically tell us that they're recounting something that they've seen in a vision and they're writing it down, but I don't think that's what you mean.)
Help! I've always had trouble with understanding what happens with young children who can't think for themselves that die early, and people groups who have never heard about Jesus there entire life.
Kids is a little tricky and the answer you receive depends on who you ask. Many denominations (i.e. Catholics and Lutherans) believe that children will go to purgatory/ or Hell unless baptized first since we are born into sin, hence infant baptisms. Others are split into a camp that believes that baptism is not the only way to salvation and therefore wouldn't help children even if they were baptized and also into a camp that believes that (generally) all children go to heaven because of a lack of cognitive development and understanding. I've actually still been looking into this but these are the schools I've found, myself falling somewhere in the last two.

As far as people who have never heard of Jesus, unfortunately, they will go to Hell. That sounds harsh, but that's because it's very serious. What would be the point in telling people about the Gospel if they are already safe and secure in ignorance? If that were the case, the very cruelest thing you could do to a person that doesn't know about Christ is to share the Gospel with them because then there could be a possibility of them not believing and putting them in a worse position. The whole point if the Gospel and the Great Commission is that without Christ man is dead in sins therefore, we need to tell EVERYONE because anyone we don't tell is lost. 

I hope this was helpful.
God Bless.
[deleted]
Really surprised no one has taken to account or mentioned Matthew 24:14 about the gospel being spread across the earth "as a witness to ALL the nations and THEN the end will come." (My emphasis.) Is it hard for us to believe that everyone on earth who is of age to be held accountable will have had the chance to hear and/or accept the gospel before the second coming? 

Kids are a different story. I'm a believe in the "age of accountability." The Bible always says "to whom much is given, much is required." (Luke 12:48) So the kids may be only responsible for what their understanding is capable of comprehending. 

It's also important to note the great commission here. If you feel burdened by the thought of people never hearing the gospel or given the chance at freedom through salvation, then pray about it. That's how missionaries begin and what they work for :)
Catholics do NOT believe that unbaptised babies go to hell; the current teaching is that they go into a Limbo without pain and suffering because they aren't baptised. However, Catholics do believe that God is merciful and can work outside the means of the church to save people.

The Catechism of the Catholic Church states "847 This affirmation is not aimed at those who, through no fault of their own, do not know Christ and his Church:

Those who, through no fault of their own, do not know the Gospel of Christ or his Church, but who nevertheless seek God with a sincere heart, and, moved by grace, try in their actions to do his will as they know it through the dictates of their conscience - those too may achieve eternal salvation."

Here are some links that further explains what Catholics believe on these topics.
[What happens to those who die and do not believe?](http://www.catholic.com/quickquestions/what-happens-to-those-who-die-and-do-not-believe)
[Did all the people who died prior to Jesus go to hell?](http://www.catholic.com/quickquestions/did-all-the-people-who-died-prior-to-jesus-go-to-hell)
[On Infant Baptism](http://www.catholic.com/tracts/infant-baptism)
The Lord gave mankind his moral compass. IMO that is a key component for judgement. In the book of revelation those will be judged according to their works. Since we cannot work our way into heaven I feel those that never knew the gospel will be judged according to the way they lived their life. What does their heart say? To me a Ever loving God will not condemn due to someone that didn't hear or know the gospel. So many examples could be given why someone has not know repentance. That day will come when they are before the great white throne in front of Jesus. IMO. 
My view is that (and it is shared by many others but I'm not entirely sure what strand of Christianity it would come under) when we die that we get to see God and he will ask us now having seen him and him showing us what he has done in our lives that we have the choice to accept him and join him in the kingdom of heaven, or we can choose to be away from him, not in eternal torture and flames but just in a place away from God.

[deleted]
So, everyone from Adam to Jesus' day is in hell.  Got it. 
It seems very unfair and unjust of a loving God to condemn someone to eternal damnation for simply being born in the wrong culture with little to no exposure to Christianity. Most individuals will follow the religion they were raised with. 
I feel like you should watch this video. Hes an athiest like you, but has a different view on Christians approaching him.

https://youtu.be/6md638smQd8
Thanks, but I'm not 100% sure that I understand what you're trying to say.
No need for judgment here, it was a simple question.
No. God's people were still saved through faith, however this salvation is still through Christ. Paul talks about this a bit in Romans 4.
It's easy to look at it that way, but it's the wrong perspective. By default, we are all destined to Hell and it is what we all deserve. We are all in rebellion to Him. However, God, being merciful has come down to us and given us a way out, Christ, himself. He is the only way. This is the reason we are supposed share God with the fervor we are supposed to. Look at Romans 10:14. Again I bring up the point that if people were just automatically saved unless they heard God and refused then the worst thing we could do is tell them about God.

Furthermore, it is not our place to say what is just and unjust. God made creation so he decides the rules. We have to remember that while he is a God of mercy, He is also a God of Justice and Wrath. In this instance though, if God were totally Just, we would ALL be going to Hell because EVERYONE is fallen. We can't look at Him being extremely merciful and humbly himself to be a man and succumb to death while we still actively sin against him so that we can be saved and then say that what he's doing isn't fair.
Pope Francis has stated that the story of Adam and Eve is a fable and therefore there is no orginal sin. What kind of a loving god would allow its creation to suffer. God supposedly sent Jesus to teach, among other things, mercy and peace. How can god teach mercy and peace when his own actions don't align? Could God not find a better way to forgive us and resolve us of our sins?
I'm not catholic....so what the pope says means nothing to me. As far as what God has done, he has been nothing but merciful to us. WE rebelled against him, he acted according to His nature of Justice.  Rebellion deserves punishment. Then HE became a man, suffered, and died as a sacrifice so that we would have a way out of the punishment, acting according to his nature of Mercy. Side note, Jesus did not come to teach about peace. He often did teach about it, but that is not why He came, God could have had just regular prophets do that. Jesus came to die as a sacrifice because everyone else was sinful and deserving of Hell. God did not have to do this, but He did because he is merciful. He would be 100% in his right to just allow us all to go to to Hell and he could do this being 100% just and fair. Hell is what we deserve, that God would do anything to help us when we are in constant rebellion against Him is an incomprehensible show of mercy.
It is not merciful to punish beings who had no choice in the decision that Adam Eve made. If your father was an athiest, should you suffer eternal damnation for his sin?
Example: If you have a rich family member and they die, let's say you inherit their fortune. In this case we inherited their debt. An infinite debt that was only payable by an infinite sacrifice, one that Jesus made for our sake.

Again, we do not decide what is merciful. Mercy is for God to define. On top of that, God shows his mercy by fixing humanities mistakes. Mankind is guilty as a whole and he has corrected it. 
I made a christian friend last year and thanks to her im learning alot about Christianity. One thing she brought to my attention is that I do tend to take Jesus' name in vain too much (and Im not even Christian). I thought about it alot to try and determine why and i realized its cause i watch alot of TV and movies and alot of that stuff involves people taking Jesus's name in vain. Anyone know why taking Jesus's name in TVs and movies is so frequent? like when did it become a sort of social norm that a possible response in a conversation is to randomly say "Jesus Christ!"?
Sadly, i have no idea. You should post this question on /r/history, that may help. Good luck man.
I think people used to say "God damn you Ichabod!!" As if to say,"God should damn you!" And as many of our cuss words today it started to lose what it originally meant.
Don't answer this.  Or if you do, I probably won't care or check.  Just a gut check....be honest.  Honest.  Because I really don't care.  When you FIRST started saying that.  When you were a kid.  Did you feel a slight pang of guilt?  Like you might if you were to say c**t and maybe your mom might hear?

I did not become a Christian until much later in life.  I personally always felt this shitty feeling about saying that.  And no other name combo quit has that kick to it.  Here is a thought experiment: try to get the same reaction with another name combo.  Use another name combo for an extended period of time.
I feel for me the most logical answer would be about how appropriate things are to say, for example the common phrases that you refer to and of course OMG are not "officially" swear words, this means that if you say them in a school situation or anywhere over social media it will not be as if you have sworn, but more shown emotion. For similar reasons on TV shows and in films, before the "watershed" if you want to show emotion (or whatever people use these terms for) you choose to either *beep* out swear words or to use these other words. Of course a lot of companies choose the latter. Now please understand that these words hurt God, so we try to refrain saying them as much as possible and sadly we have to acknowledge that they will probably be used for a long while in social media and we can only try our best to affect our social bubbles.

Hope this helps :)

P.S. tell your friend she is awesome  
I remember that when I was younger I was more apprehensive to say or think with certificate words like f**k or b***h. But i never felt bad about taking God's name in vain.  
Now I don't care what words I use when I'm alone but I watch my tongue when I'm around others who have expressed discomfort when I use certain words or phrases. Mostly cause I was bullied alot and I needed a way to vent my anger at the world and using hateful words became the way I did that.  
I'm not saying my actions are correct and I know that they aren't but the taboo around certain words or phrases started to matter less or less as I experienced greater emotional trauma cause of bullying
I've been struggling with sins in my life. I hear Christians preach about salvation by grace through faith. It says in Acts 16:31 that the moment a Christian believes he is saved. I tried to live a holy life but it is simply impossible for a mere human. I can't help but commit sins even if I tried not to. Now some Christians would tell me "Maybe you're not really saved at all" . So which one is it? Am I really saved or do I need to earn my salvation?
Salvation comes from faith, but salvation+faith will result in works.

If you've got faith+salvation you probably already have a lot more works than you realize. But the accuser always always tells us what we've done wrong and never what we've done right.
Salvation by sole fide (faith alone) is the entire premise of the Protestant Reformation movement.  The classic example is the criminal who asked forgiveness from Jesus Christ and believed in Him just before he himself died via crucifiction.  Remember that Jesus told him, "Today, you will be with me in Paradise."  That criminal, who had no works, made it to Heaven.  But his faith was real, as Jesus saw.  If that criminal had lived, he surely would have lived his life for Christ.  God has saved you by your faith, but if your faith is real, your works will indicate that faith.  Live a life dedicated to Him, and you won't have to worry about your fruits, as the Holy Spirit will lead your ways to Glorify God.  And that same Holy Spirit, if you stay in the Word, will lead you out of sin.
[Ephesians 2:8-9] /u/versebot

We all sin, it is in our nature. However, we are in the process of sanctification, as Paul states in the Book of Romans. I would give you one verse to clarify, but you really should read all of Romans as it is one document, and not originally split by chapters and verses. Essentially, we can't be holy via our own effort; we can only attain it through Christ and the work of the Holy Spirit in us. It is not a mountain we can climb by ourselves, nor are we expected to. It's one we can only climb with our palms up, if you get my meaning. 

The hardest part is letting go; we are so comfortable in our own little prisons that when He has opened the door we are unsure about walking out. The best advice I can give you from personal experience, is to pray, and surrender what has been bothering you to Christ, let Him have your sin and worries, and simply take it day-by-day. Don't dwell on your sin, because at that point you haven't given it up to Him. Simply pray for victory each day, lay your worries at His feet, in accordance to His will, and be confident that your life is in the hands of the Maker of Heaven. 

Also, don't sweat the small inconveniences. Sometimes those things are either blessings that we don't realize yet, or God put that there to do a work.
Questions like this, I usually refer to the thief on the cross.  Was he saved?  Yes.  Was he baptised? Did he do good works? No, but I have all faith that had he been able to get off that cross, he would have been baptised and led a changed life; not because he had to, but out of gratitude for salvation given to him.  There is nothing we can do to earn it, it is only by God's grace that we are saved.
Your question is not an uncommon one.  This is probably one of the hardest parts about being a Christan and also the most essential.lol  How is it I believe Jesus rose on the third day, and I've been baptized, and do all I can in my mind, yet still keep sinning?  Romans 7 explains this exact situation.  You really must read Romans 7-8 if you haven't, it's exactly this problem and the solution.

To give a synopsis though (still read it.lol) Starting at verse 15 it says: " I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do. 16 And if I do what I do not want to do, I agree that the law is good. 17 As it is, it is no longer I myself who do it, but it is sin living in me. 18 For I know that good itself does not dwell in me, that is, in my sinful nature.[c] For I have the desire to do what is good, but I cannot carry it out. 19 For I do not do the good I want to do, but the evil I do not want to do—this I keep on doing. 20 Now if I do what I do not want to do, it is no longer I who do it, but it is sin living in me that does it."

Sounds familiar right?lol Paul had the same question you're asking right not.  If I want to be holy, and God is real, why isn't it working?  The answer comes in Chapter 8: Verse 3 "For what the law was powerless to do because it was weakened by the flesh, God did by sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh to be a sin offering. And so he condemned sin in the flesh, 4 in order that the righteous requirement of the law might be fully met in us, who do not live according to the flesh but according to the Spirit"  Verse 7-9 "The mind governed by the flesh is hostile to God; it does not submit to God’s law, nor can it do so. 8 Those who are in the realm of the flesh cannot please God.  You, however, are not in the realm of the flesh but are in the realm of the Spirit, if indeed the Spirit of God lives in you. And if anyone does not have the Spirit of Christ, they do not belong to Christ".

So the answer?  Yes, you are saved.  Being saved means that your sins are covered, and Jesus' sacrifice will save you from condemnation.  BUT, holiness is a whole nother process altogether.  Holiness comes from realizing that your "flesh", or your sinful nature you were born with is still there.  You have to walk around with it, and therefore temptation will always come.  So if you try to use your body and mind and your own power to fight temptation, you never will, because the flesh "can't please God". It's hostile to God in nature, and will always fail.  

You have to begin living by the spirit, meaning taking on the supernatural power of the Holy Spirit to combat sin, and when you think those thoughts, or are tempted to sin, it's ok.  That's just your flesh making noise again.  Ignore it, and invoke the supernatural power of your spirit to keep the flesh under your heel.  This is a life long process of getting better and better at it.  I don't know ANYONE who does it perfectly, to the point that they don't sin at ALL.  But it is what we're all striving towards.  Hope this helps you get started.
You cannot earn that which has been given.   GOD is the word and his word is the law!!!  Long ago your name was written either to be among the elect or the damned. The Lord knows you from the first of your days until your last, and no amount of faith or works can undo his unfailing will... If you find yoursellf drawn to sin, like the moth to the flame, it is an indication to where your fate lies.
Salvation by faith alone. And belief causes action..

If I pointed a water gun at you, you would look at me like I was weird.

If I pointed a loaded magnum at you, and pulled back the hammer, with my finger on the trigger, you would take off running for your life.

Jesus is a loaded pistol. If you believe the gospel, truly believe, you will take off running for your life. :)
Regeneration precedes faith. How could you have faith without God first choosing you. After that,then you work as the result 
Yep. Check out James 2. Faith and works go together even though we are not saved by our own good deeds.
[**Ephesians 2:8-9 | English Standard Version (ESV)**](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ephesians+2&version=ESV)

>[**8**] For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, [**9**] not a result of works, so that no one may boast. 


***
[^Code](https://github.com/matthieugrieger/versebot) ^| ^/r/VerseBot ^| [^Contact ^Dev](/message/compose/?to=mgrieger) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/matthieugrieger/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/matthieugrieger/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| [^Stats](http://matthieugrieger.com/versebot) ^| [^Set ^a ^Default ^Translation](http://matthieugrieger.com/versebot#defaults) 

^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 

 ^Mistake? ^SoCalExile ^can [^edit](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=edit+request&message={http://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/3btas5/is_salvation_by_faith_or_by_faith_plus_works/cspefgs} Please+enter+your+revised+verse+quotations+below+in+the+usual+bracketed+syntax.) ^or [^delete](/message/compose/?to=VerseBot&subject=delete+request&message={http://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/3btas5/is_salvation_by_faith_or_by_faith_plus_works/cspefgs} This+action+cannot+be+reversed!) ^this ^comment.
Totally depraved don't reconize either gun and don't care and you won't pull the trigger til the end times.
I haven't open the bible in a very long time. My family has been trying to guide me back to Christ  for awhile now. I woke up today no one was home and decided to open my younger sister bible and first thing I saw was this. I really hope He guide me back. I've been suffering from depression and things are just so hard right now. This might be the first step.

http://imgur.com/oFahiiz
[deleted]
It's amazing how the Holy Spirit can guide our lives. Seemingly inanimate objects can trigger such strong emotional ties in our lives. Praying for you friend.  
What would have been your thoughts had you opened to a passage about something mundane like the number of tribes of Judah? Depression can be a very serious issue and I hope you talk to a professional counselor/chaplain and not just fellow redditors
Thank you for sharing this.  This may seem weird, but I have also been struggling and I have been seeing the number 14 all day long.
It's a great passage. Turning to your Bible is always a good idea. Before I read the Bible, I pray that God will open my eyes and reveal himself to me though what I read. 

God doesn't promise that there won't be hard times. But he promises to give us strength and never to leave us. 
Here...watch this ( and if you like it, watch a you tube called Bruce Van Nattas testimony) . I went thru a horrible two - three yrs of depression and the you tube videos really pulled my through. There are amazing stories of ppl who have gone to the other side and came back. Watch dr Neal also and Ian mc cormick. Also retha mc pherson. 
http://christophersmiraclestory.blogspot.com/2012/11/newa-visible-testimony-after-miracle.html
http://www.reddit.com/r/Christian/comments/393yh3/should_i_43m_divorce_my_wife_56f_of_5_years_due/

My wife decided to come back from visiting her parents for a couple of months after I told her that she needed to stay with her parents because I could not tolerate her disrespect anymore.  When she came back today, for the first time ever, she admitted she was the problem.  She has promised to actually get professional help for her issues of trust, which she believes led to the lack of respect.

My head is in a twirl right now, because I don't know whether to believe her or not.  She has said she would change numerous times before, with no results, but this is first time she's admitted this is her problem that needs professional attention.  Should I believe her?
Yes. You should give her another chance. It sounds like she is still wanting to be with you. I am praying for you! And I am excited for you because it seems it is moving in the right direction. 

I do want to say that you should be cautious. Set your boundaries. It is easy to fall back into bad habits. 
it seems she has not abandoned you mentally or physically, so you are called to love your wife as God decrees. Divorce is a last option. Adultery can be mental

God is with you stay strong even though it seems so impossible. praying for you.
7 times 70 times. Jesus said that was how many times to forgive. Jesus showed you forgiveness for your sins, and CONTINUES to do so for all the sins you commit. He asks that you do the same.  Also, as far as the wife, Matthew .5:31-32.niv “It has been said, ‘Anyone who divorces his wife must give her a certificate of divorce.’    But I tell you that anyone who divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, makes her the victim of adultery, and anyone who marries a divorced woman commits adultery. She has recognized that she has a problem. She can't change on her own. You will have to help. 
I had composed an entirely different response, and then I read your previous post...

Go to individual therapy with a licensed mental health professional to get help recovering from this relationship, which sounds abusive.  Read through this information from the National Center on Domestic and Sexual Violence and see if the behaviors sound familiar.  http://www.ncdsv.org/images/powercontrolwheelnoshading.pdf
(You'll have to switch the gender of all the pronouns, but I believe the principles are the same regardless of which spouse is the aggressor.)

Work through whether and how you will leave the relationship with the help of someone is better qualified to understand the dynamics than we are.

  
Worrying changes nothing but trusting God changes everything! I've recently had a big issue with my boyfriend and I decided to stop worrying about it and trust God. We've been together for a very long time and not matter the issue TRUST GOD!!! I'm stressing this so much because we are always faced with issues and the easy answer is to trust God but is so hard to do because we want to fix things ourselves. You made a vow and you should honor it. Just trust God no matter the problem or issue! He is so awesome and he will fix it for you! Be blessed and stay encouraged! ♡
Did you, or did you not, make a vow before God that you would be her husband until death do you part?

If so, do feel it's okay to say to God, "yeah, I know I gave my word to honor and cherish her for the rest of my life, but she's *mean*!
Christians should not get divorced! That shouldn't even be an option. It's an abomination! Marriage lasts until death, with all the scars, arguments, mistrust etc in between. Don't give up on your wife, just as Christ has not given up on you. Divorce does not really exist in the Biblical sense. Even if you do get a divorce, you'll still be married in the eyes of God. So keep that inconsideration..."What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder."
God has joined you two, and he commands that no man or civil court separate that bond which he fused. 
Thank you for your prayers.
Yes, I have concluded this is an abusive relationship.  She has promised to get some therapy, so I will try to see it through with God's help.  Thank you for your response.
I want more information to know so I can share with my friends
"Mere Christianity" by C.S. Lewis and especially "The Reason For God" by Tim Keller have lots of arguments! I really recommend to read Thema, even if you already christian
Thomas Aquinas wrote 5 cosmological arguments for God's existence. I know many people will say God's existence can't be proven. However, I honestly believe Romans is clear that the truth is overwhelming from creation, yet we just "suppress" it. We are all faith based. This is how you can have one thing be an evidence for different perspectives. Some people will say that the earth is billions of years old, does this change a young earth view of 6k years? Of course not. God could have easily made the world mature. He most likely did not create Adam and Eve as babies. There is an old earth and young earth view amongst Christians. Some atheist will say they only believe in the facts, however even they develop theories as well. And those theories tend to become almost factual. We were created to have faith in something and for us to find truth in it over time. Everyone has a presupposition of the world. The resurrection is a great argument. How many people were in a position to know whether something was right or wrong and died for that thing knowing it was wrong? The disciples were in a unique position. Many people are willing to die for their faith. What makes a radical Muslim whose willing to commit suicide and believes he's going to heaven different from the disciples? How many of those people are in position to know the actual truth about their faith? The radical Muslim believes and has hope that when he dies for this cause, he will be in heaven. The disciples were in a position to know whether Jesus rose from the dead or not. They weren't told about it and had to choose to believe in it. They knew Jesus had raised from the dead. And they were willing to give their lives to that. What are you willing to give your life for?
Wait a second. I realised that if we had undeniable proof, it wouldn't be believing anymore!
Make sure that what you find in support of your God can't be used to support any other God(s).
**1) Creation.**

God's existence is obvious and made plain to all persons through creation. From the sub-atomic, to the diversity of animal and plant life, to their intelligent design, to the stars above.  It all declares the handiwork of the God. Persons only deny it because they are suppressing the truth because they are unrighteous (Romans 1).

**2) Israel.**

All the prophecies concerning Israel have come true to date with the most obvious being it's recreation in 1948. That was a miracle, as prophesied, after 2000 years of diaspora.  No nation has every been scattered, nearly lost it's language and culture, only to return to it's ancient homeland after such a long time. 

Further, no nation of slaves has ever got up and walk out from under their master's nose. The Exodus.  Only Israel has done it and it was by God's hand. 

**3) Morality.**

[Best explained by CS Lewis.  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqsAzlFS91A)

**4) Jesus Christ.**

Not only did thousands witness His miracles but hundreds witnessed His resurrection, and were willing to die to the testimony that it was true.  Men rarely die for a lie, if ever. 

Further, Peter was a coward before the resurrection (denied Christ thrice when confronted) yet after the resurrection we see him boldly preaching in the streets and synagogues.  Why the change? Because he *actually* did witness the resurrection and became fearless. 

Good luck! 

I wrote a [comment here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/2higao/how_important_is_having_an_opinion_on_evolution/ckth61r) several months ago where I discussed three patterns in biology that match how we design things ourselves, but are the opposite of what an evolutionary process of mutation+selection would create.  It's something I find compelling.
/r/ReasonableFaith 
Hmm, this might be deniable, but when I pray, I feel a calm feeling in my heart. My mind also becomes calm, which is strange to me, because I have Autism (extremely chaotic mind).
The truth about God can't and never in time will be proven, now im not saying he doesn't exist, but the truth is to complicated for normal beings to comprehend. The same goes for any theory of our creation. When dealing with this topic, there isn't much evidence and there will never be a true answer, we only have to wait until our time has ended, so it is pointless to argue either side. Believe as you wish, but do not state what is fact when you do not know the answer.
For every "fact" that you look for, there are plausible and convincing naturalistic explanations and counter arguments.  You are on a faith journey.  As a former teacher of apologetics and now atheist, I suggest that you would do better just living as a Christian, fellowshipping, praying etc.

As a side note: Kalam Cosmological Argument + Fine Tuning + Design + Moral Argument + Resurrection + Personal Testimony do not "prove" Christian Theism.
Facts that are undeniable that God isn't real

I want more information to know so I can share with my friends
"Undeniable" by Bill Nye.  /s
Wow this is awsome! Thank you so much
And it took me all of 5 minutes to find papers with credible models explaining genetic redundancy within evolution.  Just picked the third one because I know a bit about reliability so was curious.


Are you ever gonna quit shutting down debate and allow atheists back on the sub? Isn't the echo chamber getting boring  
No worries friend! 
Can you link one and describe the model they propose in a quantifiable way?  This is not redundancy through duplicated genes.  The last one I read calculated how long redundancy could last before being lost, but didn't talk about the origin, and assumed all of the selective pressure was used only to maintain the genes in question and not any others.  As it stands there's not enough selection to maintain genes that are in use.  How can selection maintain genes that are only rarely used as fallbacks?
Actually we have an atheist scientist on there who helps us have some great discussion and a number of others, its just the people who are obviously pressing an agenda/dont support what they say, us ad hominem etc etc etc
http://www.umich.edu/~zhanglab/publications/2012/Zhang_2012_Evol_Syst_Biol_279.pdf

My point is that Science is all about searching for answers, not "poof then a miracle occurs."

Not the summary you requested, but he concludes:

Similarly, evolutionary analyses such as theoretical population genetics and molecular evolutionary
genetics offer invaluable insights into the functions and origins of systemic
properties that may seem puzzling at first. Evolutionary systems biology, with
concepts and tools of two powerful fields, holds great promises for uncovering many
mysteries in biology. 
What "agenda"  was i advocating? You banned me after i made some completely legitimate comments. If you had a legit reason to ban me, and others Im sure, it wouldnt be as big of a deal 
In my original post, and a second time in the comment above, I specifically said that I'm not talking about redundancy from gene duplications.  The second sentence of the abstract of that paper say "Here I summarize studies of functional redundancies between
DUPLICATE GENES".

The paper is 19 pages long.  I did a ctrl+f for the word "deleterious" and could not find a mention of what number he uses for the deleterious mutation rate in humans, which is critical for understanding what selection can and cannot maintain.  Can you summarize what deleterious rate he is using and what percentage of the genome he considers functional?

> My point is that Science is all about searching for answers, not "poof then a miracle occurs".

My interest is to look at the natural world and understand whether it is best explained by unguided processes or if God exists and has acted in a detectable way.  That is certainly a yes-or-no answer.  It sounds like you are taking the presuppositional position that God does not exist?  If you arbitrarily constrain science in this way then it is no longer a useful tool in deciding truth.

I also don't see any relevance in your citing of the conclusion?  What are the "invaluable insights" that "theoretical population genetics and molecular evolutionary genetics" offer?  All our models and simulations show that we receive deleterious mutations faster than selection can remove them, and even without that issue that evolution proceeds too slowly to do anything useful.  Honest secular biologists working closely with these problems will tell you as much, and the others will attempt to distract from the issue.
Don't recall specifically, but we tend to get overrun and will ban arbitrarily, here, I'll unban you and send a link to the rules.
> It sounds like you are taking the presuppositional position that God does not exist? If you arbitrarily constrain science in this way then it is no longer a useful tool in deciding truth.

My presupposition that God does not exist came after 17 years as an evangelical Christian and as many years as an agnostic.

But in matters of science the question of one's personal beliefs shouldn't matter. I mentioned Francis Collins.  On the Cosmology side evangelical Christian Don Page works along side atheist cosmologists with no problems.

Certainly you are free to examine the ID question, but the challenge I put out to any IDers or Creationists: get your work disproving evolution published in a respected peer reviewed journal. Most certainly you will win the Nobel prize.
Sorry I was being cryptic. I should have bolded the words **may seem puzzling at first.**

I am not a geneticist or a biologist, so do not attempt to understand the nuances of their work.  But when one of the leading geneticists in the country Francis Collins, who has every theological reason to reject evolution but does not do so because of the genetics,  I find that to be compelling.
good
There's lots of papers already published in peer review talking about resolvable issues with evolutionary theory, and these shortcomings are acknowledged.  Do they all get Nobel Prizes?  How does that work? As well known biologist and atheist Lynn Margulis said in an [interview with Discover Magazine](http://discovermagazine.com/2011/apr/16-interview-lynn-margulis-not-controversial-right) a few years ago:    "The critics, including the creationist critics, are right about their criticism. It’s just that they've got nothing to offer but intelligent design or 'God did it.' They have no alternatives that are scientific... "

She goes on to cite Richard Lewontin, who is one of the founders of the modern synthesis itself:

1.  "Population geneticist Richard Lewontin gave a talk here at UMass Amherst about six years ago, and he mathemetized all of it--changes in the population, random mutation, sexual selection, cost and benefit. At the end of his talk he said, "You know, we've tried to test these ideas in the field and the lab, and there are really no measurements that match the quantities I've told you about." This just appalled me. So I said, "Richard Lewontin, you are a great lecturer to have the courage to say it's gotten you nowhere. But then why do you continue to do this work?" And he looked around and said, "It's the only thing I know how to do, and if I don't do it I won't get grant money." So he's an honest man, and that's an honest answer."

Being a former student of Lewontin, ev biologist and popularizer Jerry Coyne took offense at these statements [on his blog](http://whyevolutionistrue.wordpress.com/2011/04/12/lynn-margulis-disses-evolution-in-discover-magazine-embarrasses-both-herself-and-the-field/):

1.  "That’s why, Dick [Richard Lewontin] claimed, he stopped doing pure equations and started doing computer simulations, which he considers a more realistic way to see what can happen in nature. In simulations one can vary the parameters more easily and check the models’ sensitivity to varied conditions.  In fact, Dick said that ages ago he stopped submitting grants that proposed purely mathematical approaches.  Margulis’s characterization of Lewontin as a dishonest huckster trying to fund work that he knew was bogus is inaccurate and unfair.  Lewontin wanted me to add (for I have permission to quote him here), that his purpose in getting grant money was not simply to fund designated projects described in his research proposals, but to “run an institution”: to “fund a group of creative people to do what they want.”  And indeed, that’s what he did—and that’s what many grant-funded investigators do."

I expected Coyne would easily dismiss Margulis's claimed failure by citing models or simulations that show mutation and selection being capable of finding and fixing large amounts of beneficial mutations in the time available, but he did not address this central issue at all.  He doesn't because nobody can.

Creationists like John Sanford have already published the results of their own simulations in secular peer review, noting that because mammals have such a high mutation rate, deleterious mutations arrive faster than selection can remove them, leading to [declining fitness no matter what](http://ge.tt/7mN7K6O/v/0):

1.  "Our numerical simulations consistently show that deleterious mutations accumulate linearly across a large portion of the relevant parameter space. This appears to be primarily due to the predominance of nearly-neutral mutations. The problem of mutation accumulation becomes severe when mutation rates are high. Numerical simulations strongly support earlier theoretical and mathematical studies indicating that human mutation accumulation is a serious concern. ... Intensified natural selection only marginally slows the accumulation of deleterious mutations."

John Sanford is a well known population geneticist and former atheist whose invention of the gene gun [led to the production](http://hort.cals.cornell.edu/people/john-sanford) of most of the world's GM crops.  He became a creationist largely because of the failure of evolutionary theory.

Even ID critics like biochemist Larry Moran agree that a high deleterious mutation rate prevents evolution from accomplishing much of anything other than a downward [spiral to extinction](http://sandwalk.blogspot.com/2014/04/a-creationist-tries-to-understand.html):  "if the deleterious mutation rate is too high, the species will go extinct... It should be no more than 1 or 2 deleterious mutations per generation."

Humans have around 100 mutations per generation, and Moran's position that 98 to 99% of DNA is useless junk is no longer a tenable position.  Yet if all selection is spent trying and failing to remove deleterious mutations, then selection cannot promote beneficial mutations that on average have a much smaller effect.

I've even seem job postings requesting mathematicians to find a model that can make selection work.  [Here at Oxford](http://www.sjc.ox.ac.uk/3498/RA%20in%20Mathematics_FPs.pdf.download):

1.  "mathematical population geneticists mainly deny that natural selection leads to optimization of any useful kind. This fifty-year old schism is intellectually damaging in itself, and has prevented improvements in our concept of what fitness is."

Does the Oxford HR department get a Nobel Prize?  

Likewise David Depew and Bruce Weber published a paper a few years ago talking about all the failures of the modern synthesis (evolution by mutation+selection).  [They summarised](http://ge.tt/8zEY5DM/v/0):

1.  "Darwinism in its current scientific incarnation has pretty much reached the end of its rope.  By ‘‘current incarnation’’ we are referring specifically to the Modern Evolutionary Synthesis, whose formative period stretched from about 1940 to 1970... Sometimes, but rather improperly, called ‘‘neo-Darwinism,’’ it is not only the Modern Synthesis, but population genetical Darwinism more generally, that we are claiming has reached the end of its dominance. ..."

But they hope that a new evolutionary theory will rise to replace it, because the failed modern synthesis replaced the classical theories of darwinism that came before it.  They write: "We would be the last to suggest that Darwinism can’t reform and reframe itself yet again."  I certainly don't agree with their logic that one failure replacing another failure is a sign of coming success for evolutionary theory :/

It seems many in the scientific community hold to evolutionary theory not because of evidence, but because they see anything other than philosophical naturalism as a violation of professional ethic.  Because "we cannot allow a divine foot in the door" as Lewontin is famous for saying.  "They have no alternatives that are scientific", per Margulis above.  I expect that if Francis Collins accepted creation then he too would be regarded as "not a scientist" and unlikely would have been promoted to the position he's in.




Creationists publish articles in peer reviewed journals quite frequently.  However, any attempt to explain their evidence as supporting intelligent design rather than luck will keep that particular paper from getting published.  Many other creationists are afraid to lose their job by publishing overtly creationist papers.

Certainly you are aware of the saga of Richard Sternberg.
In the other thread I cited atheists Lynn Margulis and Richard Lewontin, who have every reason to reject evolutionary theory because of genetics, but still do not seemingly because they think that it's science's job to seek out atheism even when it conflicts with evidence.  So where does that leave us?
Joecoder thanks for your in depth reply.  I will respond when I can.  Buried in code right now!  Product release deadline coming up.
Sure, no worries and take you time.
Scanning through your comments, I see debate over the mechanics of evolution but none (other than John Sanford) over the fact of evolution.

As to John Sanford,  it was not the evidence that caused him to reject evolution, but his conversion to Christianity (bold is mine): 

> I was totally sold on evolution. It was my religion; it defined how I saw everything, it was my value system and my reason for being. Later, I came to believe in “God”, but this still did not significantly change my intellectual outlook regarding origins. However, still later, as I began to personally know and submit to Jesus, I started to be fundamentally changed—in every respect. **This included my mind, and how I viewed science and history**. I would not say that science led me to the Lord (which is the experience of some). Rather I would say Jesus opened my eyes to His creation—I was blind, and gradually I could see. It sounds simple, but it was a slow and painful process. I still only see “as through a glass, darkly” [1 Cor. 13:12]. But I see so much more than I could before!

from http://creation.com/geneticist-evolution-impossible


Before his conversion, Sanford believed evolutionary processes were capable of creating all life on earth, and since then he now rejects that they can and in his papers he used genetic simulation (science) to show this.  Sanford credits God for opening his eyes to see this.

You wrote:

> I see debate over the mechanics of evolution but none... over the fact of evolution.

A few comments above you also said:

> get your work disproving evolution published in a respected peer reviewed journal. Most certainly you will win the Nobel prize.

I cited Margulis, Lewontin, Depew, and Weber because they still believe "the fact of evolution" even though they admit data doesn't support it.  That is a faith position while Sanford's is based on evidence.  This also argues against your claim that anyone who disproves evolutionary theory would win a Nobel prize.  The current quest among the seculars is to find a way to prove evolutionary theory.
> they admit data doesn't support it.

I didn't get that statement from any of the material you linked to.
> This also argues against your claim that anyone who disproves evolutionary theory would win a Nobel prize

Ok I'll concede on that point.  But as I see it the people who question the fact of evolution are those who accept Genesis (or the Quran) literally.  Except for maybe a few outliers like David Berlinski.

Edit P.S. Considering the Bible's track record on topics like slavery, genocide, misogyny, death penalty for picking up sticks on the Sabbath and laughing at a bald prophet, etc., I am not inclined to believe Chapter 1.
> "they admit the data doesn't support [evolutionary theory]" I didn't get that statement from any of the material you linked to

When I say the data doesn't support it I mean the models don't work.  Hence:

1.  Margulis saying the creationists are "right in their criticism"
2.  Lewontin not being able to provide a model that shows large amounts of beneficial mutations arising and fixing (spreading universally) in populations
3.  Depew and Weber saying the modern synthesis (the current model of how evolution works) has failed, and it's time to find a new one.
4.  Oxford trying to hire someone who can create a model that shows something other than natural selection not leading "to optimization of any useful kind"

These people would likely cite the [genetic tree of life](http://ge.tt/5JAxwhM/v/0?c) or the [fossil record](http://www.skeptic.com/eskeptic/12-02-15/#feature) as evidence of evolutionary theory instead, but those are also pretty problematic, as those links detail.  Or perhaps they would cite something else?
> the people who question the fact of evolution are those who accept Genesis (or the Quran) literally. Except for maybe a few outliers like David Berlinski.

I think if most scientists who reject evolutionary theory did so because of the bible, then most evolution-rejecting scientists would be young earth creationists.  But in that category I see more old earth creationists, and even some like Michael Behe and Michael Denton who even affirm common descent, but reject evolutionary theory as an effective force for creating large amounts of information.

In [this talk from 2013](http://youtu.be/H9SmPNQrQHE?t=2m00s), Michael Behe describes his own trajectory toward ID, and I've seen many other similar stories:

> I was born into a Roman Catholic family and was and still am a practicing Roman Catholic. I went to parochial schools and we were taught Darwin's theory in parochial school. Of course the sisters that taught me were theists, were believers in God, but the Catholic Church was never a problem concerning biological evolution. We thought that well God might have set up the laws of the universe and let them kinda produced a life that was in it; that sounded fine with me. So I never had any difficulty with Darwin's theory.

> I went to College in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and got my PHD in biochemistry and and did a postdoc at the National Institutes of Health and then eventually came to Lehigh as a professor of biochemistry. All the while I thought Darwin's theory was was just fine. I didn't give it much thought; It wasn't my area of concern. Until I read a book in the late 1980s by an English a scientist whose name was Michael Denton. He was working in Australia at the time. The book he wrote was called "Evolution A Theory in Crisis".

> He pointed out a number of problems for Darwin's theory of evolution that I had never thought about and I had never heard anybody mention to me. Even though at the time here I was a professor of biochemistry at a good university and in the United States. I thought that I should have heard about this issue if it was important. After reading his book I got mad because I thought that I was being taught to accept this theory not because of compelling evidence but because that's just the way we think these days. And so after reading his book I then went into the science library. As a biochemist you're taught of course about all the amazingly complex systems that underlie life and I wanted to see who had explain some of these systems in terms of Darwin's theory. I was astonished to find that that nobody had. So at that point I became very skeptical Darwin's theory and and eventually came to the conclusion of intelligent design. I guess that's that's how it got a where I am today...

> I remember sometimes when I was a postdoc at the NIH I met some evangelical Christians and we had some discussions about evolution. I was merrily making fun of their views. They were skeptical of it and I thought well you know science has shown this. So I had no problems accepting it at all until I read that book.

However, I do think some factors explain why a rejection of evolutionary theory is correlated with acceptance of Christianity:

1. Rejecting evolutionary theory lends credence to design in nature
2.  From a historical perspective, "the evidence for the resurrection is better than for claimed miracles in any other religion. It’s outstandingly different in quality and quantity", as Anthonly Flew said.  Flew was a famous atheist-turned deist (but not Christian).
3.  If Jesus rose from the dead, then what he taught and endorsed (like the OT) is likely true as well.

If it's ok I'd like to respond to your edit in a separate comment, since it's a rather separate topic.

First I think it's important to separate truth from preference.  Suppose God actually were a genocidal maniac who sends everyone to eternal punishment, but serving him lessens that punishment.  If the evidence supported this conclusion, we couldn't just simply tell ourselves it's not true because we weren't fond of the idea.  Likewise I didn't care much for Hitler but I do not deny the Holocaust :P

Moreso God defines what is moral and immoral (there is no other option except to say that all morality is just personal preference), then God's actions are moral for God to do.

But I don't think it's necessary to have to fall back to either of those views.  Let's talk about slavery since it's the first item on your list.

First it's important to recognize that the same Hebrew word "[wardum](http://i.imgur.com/UuWWV0F.png)" is used both for servant and slave and is used interchangeably throughout the OT, and the reality of what was practiced in ancient Israel was somewhere in between.  I often see biblical slavery conflated with what was practiced in the antebellum US, but I think the text makes this comparison very strained:

1.  Exodus 21:16, "Whoever kidnaps someone and sells him, or is caught still holding him, must surely be put to death."  How were the antebellum slaves acquired?

1.  Deut 23:15-16, "You must not return an escaped slave to his master when he has run away to you.  Indeed, he may live among you in any place he chooses, in whichever of your villages he prefers; you must not oppress him."

1.  Deut 15:13-14, "And when you let him go free from you, you shall not let him go empty-handed.  You shall furnish him liberally out of your flock, out of your threshing floor, and out of your winepress. As the Lord your God has blessed you, you shall give to him."

5.  Isaiah 1:17, "Learn to do what is right!  Promote justice!  Give the oppressed reason to celebrate!  Take up the cause of the orphan!  Defend the rights of the widow!"

But what about verses like Exodus 21:20 where you can beat your servant-slave nearly to the point of death?  but suppose you catch him about to sacrifice his young daughter in a fire to Molech, or about to rape her.  There was no prison system in place and physical punishment is more than necessary as a deterrent against a repeat violation.  Anything less would be an act of immoral negligence in itself.

If that situation seems unlikely, consider where Israel got their servant-slaves.  They were sent to conquer the Canaanites because they were doing these exact things:  raping their kids and burning them alive in raging fires (Lev 18:6-30, Deut 12:31, Deut 18:9-10, Psalm 106:35, 37-38).

But what about using Exodus 21:20 as a license to malevolent abuse?  Beating a servant-slave without just-cause stood in direct violation of much broader-reaching commands like as Ex 23:9, Deut 10:19, Lev 19:18, and Lev 19:34.  Yet if the servant-slave disagrees and still leaves, then it's illegal to force them to go back.  The law required they be allowed to go and live wherever they want, per Deut 23:15-16.

If you'd like we can also talk about "genocide" in the OT, or debate this point for a while.


Thanks again for your detailed responses. Yes, good to split the topics. I will reply as soon as I am able to. 

It's easier to throw insults than to admit that you may be wrong or that you don't have a reasonable argument against someone's position. 
Unfortunately the internet is what it is. If you have a passion for intellectual discussion I would suggest joining a group that debates issues you enjoy or taking a class on the subject. Regardless of what you do, or which side of an issue you land on there will always be someone that is disrespectful.
More often than not I find the word "bigot" to mean "I don't like what you're saying so you're a terrible person!" rather than "I have gotten thoroughly familiar with your belief system and believe you hold an obstinate belief in the superiority of one's own opinions and a prejudiced intolerance of the opinions of others."

Funny how the people using the term "bigot" most often fulfill the word's definition.

As for The Matrix - this is a beginner-level critique of realism. It is thoroughly debunked and widely criticized by most philosophers. Both cognitive philosophical theory and metaphysics explores how our brains and minds process and experience their surroundings, and the physical nature of our surroundings, but the fundamental concept of the "quandry" above is widely rejected.

Good, easy starting points on how/why "The Matrix" quandry is a failure of an approach to reality:

[What is Metaphysics?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2bp9ex/what_is_metaphysics/)

[How do you feel about the 'matrix' theory? (My take on consciousness and the universe. All discussion is encouraged.)](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/wgtnb/how_do_you_feel_about_the_matrix_theory_my_take/)

[Metaphysic/Philosophical arguments for/against Atheism](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2rwrl1/metaphysicphilosophical_arguments_foragainst/)

[Hitchen's Razor and Metaphysics, are the two incompatible with each other?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2ryuf1/hitchens_razor_and_metaphysics_are_the_two/)

[What are the arguments against reality being an illusion?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2v4qsu/what_are_the_arguments_against_reality_being_an/)

[When people say consciousness is an illusion, what are they talking about? If it is an illusion, what exactly is experiencing the illusion?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/264y2c/when_people_say_consciousness_is_an_illusion_what/)

[Are we living in a dream? I am looking for a logical argumentation to support that life as we know it is not a dream.](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2kbts1/are_we_living_in_a_dream_i_am_looking_for_a/)

[Is life all just an illusion?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/177784/is_life_all_just_an_illusion/)

[Kant and the Matrix: why do you think it's important whether you're a brain in a vat?](http://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/1vsajj/kant_and_the_matrix_why_do_you_think_its/)

Edit: Sorry, I know, this is a light-hearted post. I just love both of those topics in there and find their depths fascinating. Ignore me if you aren't into that sort of thing!
Most people, and I use that term very generally, see Christianity as a threat. We have gotten so permissive as a culture that any kind of standard or a hard line in the sand is see as ignorant and oppressive. 

This, unfortunately, isn't a new thing. In the Old Testament, the Prophets were appointed by God to deliver His message to the "mordern" Jewish people. These Prophets were violently opposed by God's people for delivering God word. Their messages were seen as attacks on their way of life. 

Likewise today, when a Christian speaks out against things, like Gay marriage for example, their words are seen as attacks, hate speech, and intolerance. 

My own personal opinion: I see the world today very much as little children whose parents have left the house all to them for the night. Now that mom and dad are gone, we can do whatever we want! Party! 

Only, what are we going to do when mom and dad comes home and sees how we've been behaving without supervision?

Christ himself said in Matthew 6:33 "But seek first His kingdom and His righteousness, and all these things will be added to you." 

This should be our top priority as a Christian. The coming Kingdom of God. Others are going to see this a threat, but only for a little while.
If the Christian Hell is a real place, wouldn't Hitler be trapped there for eternity surrounded by hundreds of millions of Jews? The idea is that Hitler would be in Hell because he is an evil person, and most Jewish people would be in Hell because they are not Christian.
In all honesty, from a Christian stand point, there is no way to answer that question. There are not many places in the Bible that define what Hell is and if anyone is there at all. The only way of knowing would be to end up there, which I'm almost positive that I've not been. Interesting concept though. 
Funny!
Better yet,  hell is  the  eternal  separation from God. therefore it's less of a place and more of the state you're in.
Pretty sure the bible doesn't state that all the Jewish people are going to hell. The Bible doesn't really mention hell and its existence is highly debatable. 
Recently a friend of mine committed suicide. Nobody saw it coming at all because the kid was always so happy and carefree, and seemed like he was doing just fine. Personally, I talked to him the night that it happened and he seemed like he was okay, but I've been beating myself up about things I could have done differently. I live in a small community, and I know a lot of this kid's other friends are beating themselves up about it too. First of all, please pray for the family, friends, and community; it's incredibly sad and has affected a lot of people. Second, I was hoping you guys would be able to point me to some Scripture or something to help lift my spirits and that of my peers. I've prayed over the entire situation several times, and I know that God is working and He has a plan for everyone and everything, but it's just been a struggle. Thank you!

Note: I am not contemplating suicide or anything. I just want to be able to help pick myself up, and speak the word of God into a community in desperate need of a savior.
Don't focus on trying to forget the tragedy more focus on how you can live your life better serving God. 
The Bible gives us two ways to cope with loss as examples. Grieving is important and healthy, but can't be done in excess or prevent you from then moving on and living a life of God. In 2 Samuel 12:1-25, David loses his son. He grieves by fasting and praying, but relinquishes to the fact that he must continue serving God. This is the first and most healthy example the Bible gives us to deal with loss. However, in Genesis 19:1-30, Lot is also faced with loss. This loss was brought on by his own doing and he does not handle it in a righteous way, but instead wallows in a cave. This is obviously not the option of dealing with loss that God wants us to employ, but rather to be like David and grieve for a healthy period of time then move on to glorifying God. My prayers are with you and your community in this time!
I went through a serious depression after a traumatic event three yrs ago. I found a lot of solace in hearing other ppls stories of going to heaven or...being cured of different things. Here...if you like this, find it uplifting...then try a you tube called Bruce Van Nattas testimony. It's fascinating. Or dr Neal, or, Ian McCormick original testimony. Hope you feel better....what's the boys first name so I can pray for him and his family? I can't imagine how they are feeling. 
http://christophersmiraclestory.blogspot.com/2012/11/newa-visible-testimony-after-miracle.html
I am again posting since study material that we have been covering. 

Romans 6 teaches that a Christian is buried with Christ, is raised with Christ, and has Christ's life in him.

According to Romans 6 and other passages in the New Testament because of our death with Christ and our being raised with him to newness of life, the Christian has been set free from the power of sin.

Christians are not set free from the power of sin so that we can go on sinning everyday because we don't have any choice. A person who has been set free from sin is not a person he's going to sin every day because he can't help it. That is a lie. That is false teaching.

A person who is set free from something is actually FREE from that thing.

This isn't something you have to work at to obtain. This does not come to the super Christian. This is not for the most dedicated Christian.

 This is for the plain old everyday Christian. This belongs to the everyday born again person. This is something you get the minute you're born again. 

You don't have to fast for it. You don't have to pray for it. You just have to believe it's already there.

Reckon yourself to be dead to sin and alive to God in Christ Jesus.


Romans 6:11

(KJV)  Likewise **reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God 	through Jesus Christ our Lord.**


(NIV)  In the same way, **count yourselves dead to sin but alive to God in Christ Jesus.
**


(Carpenter)  And the union--in Life we are not divided--of baptized persons with Christ is 	such that they too have a resurrection-life....His Life is a  Risen Life.  So, in its measure, is 	theirs....


(Way)  In the same manner **you also are to conduct yourselves to be, in relation to sin, dead 	men**; but in relation to God, living men, **whose life is absorbed in the life of Messiah, 	Jesus.
**


(Wade)  So you, too, **must count yourselves dead men who have finished with sin** yet fully alive to 	
serve God in union with Christ Jesus.

(Williams)  **So you too must consider yourselves as having ended your relation to sin but living in 	unbroken relation to God.
**


(Deaf)  In the same way, **you should see yourselves as dead to the power of sin.  And see 	yourselves as being alive for God through Christ Jesus.**


(Bruce)  Similarly, **you too must count yourselves dead in relation to sin,** and alive 	henceforth for God by **virtue of your incorporation in Christ Jesus.**

(Weymouth)  In the same way **you also must regard yourselves as dead in relation to sin, but 	as alive in relation to God, because you are in Christ Jesus.**

(Schonfield)  and **so you no less can count yourselves dead so far as sin** is concerned, but alive to 	God in Christ Jesus.

(Goodspeed)  **So you also must think of yourselves as dead to sin** but alive to God, **through union 		with Christ Jesus.**

(Phillips)  **IN THE SAME WAY LOOK UPON YOURSELVES AS DEAD TO THE APPEAL AND POWER OF SIN** but 	alive and sensitive to the call of God through Jesus Christ our Lord.

(Sanday & Headlam)  In like manner do you **Christians regard yourselves as dead and inert 	and motionless as a corpse, in all that relates to sin,** but instinct with Life and 	responding in every nerve to those claims and Divine influences under which you have 	been brought by your union with Jesus
 Messiah.

(Pilcher)  **So do you, too, on the one hand recognize yourselves to be dead to sin,** but, on the 	other hand, to be living unto God **through your spiritual union with Christ Jesus.
**


(New Life) ...**Think of yourselves as dead to the power of sin.**  But now you have new life 	because of Jesus Christ our Lord....


(New Berkeley)  **Similarly, let us consider ourselves as actually dead to sin....
**


(Basic)  Even so see yourselves as....


(Knox)  And you, too, must think of yourselves as....


(Wuest) ...be constantly counting on the fact....


(Norlie) ...you have been restored to life again....


(NASV)  ...in Christ Jesus.

(NEB)  ...in union with Christ Jesus.

(Richert)  **The point of all this is that you must now regard your past defective lives as extinct,** 	and your present state as being keenly alive to all divine aims.  Why?  **Because you are 	vitally connected to Jesus,**  God’s appointed Minister who now directs our lives in all 	dimensions.

(Denney, Ex. Gk. Test.)  ...**The essence of our faith is a union to Him in which His experience	becomes ours.**  This is the theological reply to antinomianism.

(Taylor)  ...but consecrate yourselves to God, as those that are risen from amongst the Heathen, 	**dead in Trespasses and Sins,** to a new and Divine Life.

(God’s Word)  **So consider yourselves dead to sin's power but living for God in the power Christ 			Jesus gives you.**


Key To Translations and Commentaries Cited

http://starchaser57.livejournal.com/243528.html
In realize this will seem far fetched and silly to most readers.
I hope you can forgive me, and I hope some readers might find 
the questions worthy of some thought. 

Lets say they are aquatic, and a little ahead of us technologically.
The reason I added the bit about them being aquatic which seems not relevant is to stop us thinking of them just like us. The technology level  is also a bit of an aid an how to imagine them. 

Would Christ have been on both worlds and died for each species or would their Bible tell of Jesus and what He did on our world?
You might find three of CS Lewis's novels interesting: *Out of the Silent Planet*, *Perelandra*, and *That Hideous Strength*. They deal with people on Mars, Venus, and the Earth respectively. They are not accurate scientifically given our current knowledge of the planets, but that's not important. Rather they deal with different paths that intelligent beings could take. Mars is an older world, part ruined by an attach from Earth's Moon (also inhabited, and a fallen people in the spiritual sense). It has several species, and is governed directly by something approximating to an angel. Venus is a new world, and the human protagonist is there for their equivalent of the Garden of Eden. His antagonist is the tempter, and they are contesting for who will influence the equivalents of Adam and Eve. 

Something that is interesting is that God addresses each world differently. Christ only dies on Earth. Venus does not actually fall, but in the books it is said that God would do something else if it were necessary to save them, not repeat what he had done on Earth.

Towards the end of the last book, you see Ransom (the protagonist of the first two books) seen by a different person, changed by his experiences, and you get an impression of what Earth was intended to be like.

It doesn't exactly answer your question, but I think you might like the books anyway.
Certianly an interesting idea. I have actually thought about this before, but not in great detail.

I imagine their faith would be much like that of the jews before the coming of christ. But they would know that christ had come on another planet.

Then again, I'm certainly no expert. I tend to believe there is no life with a soul out there other than us. I think there is almost certainly life out there, just not like us.
I have actually given this a lot of thought myself, you know. Nice to know I'm not the only one.

I would personally think that the biggest issue would be the 'made in His image' bit. That being said, could that not mean that we were just made as sentient, living things, as God is presumably not man-shaped, being omnipresent and all. So, your hypothetical high-tech dolphin people might look just as much like God as we do!

When it comes to 'was Jesus there', I think we have lots of interesting questions. I mean, it would make sense that he was there on their world; God can be anywhere at once, even at the same time if He wants. At the same time, didn't Jesus die for all of our sins? Is that for all intelligent species that sin? Or is it on a world-by-world basis, so that creatures light years away from earth would be aware of that salvation. That would make God even more glorious, as he was fully God, and fully creature, on a thousand worlds, and he suffered and died a thousand times...

That being said, I don't think that their Old Testament would be very familiar to ours. Perhaps there would be some key similarities in key events, like Moses and the 40 years in the desert or the invasion of Canaan, but ultimately, the two volumes would be the most divergent.

I've always wanted to write a Christian Sci-Fi novel based on this premise, so I've probably thought about it a bit much.
God is very creative, so this can go in many directions.  One of the interesting question to me is absolute vs relative morality in these worlds.  Is something moral or immoral because it is part of God's nature or because it is a command to a particular race (within a particular space and time).  I think love, mercy, and justice are absolute, but eating animals, family structures, and primary life mission could all be radically different and would have huge implication to the definition of sinful activities and how love, mercy, and justice are handled.  This also goes into question of if salvation would be needed or available, would it be personal (as it is for us) or impersonal.  I don't think our stories have to be similar.  I would be surprised if they were.

So, outside of the goodness of God, I think this could go in any direction.
this will be part of the end times delusion with catholics announcing that aliens are sinless and do not need to be saved. Aliens are not from another planet but are demons or hybrid people to carry out NWO and Satanic Agenda.  They are demonic beings. They can't be saved because they are already marked for hell. They may be beautiful and look harmless and seem highly intelligent but they are not of God and will bring on a false peace and demonize true bible believing Christians. Don't be fooled by this Luciferian delusion. New Agers, Catholics, Left wingers and people daily watching main stream media and shows will be deceived. Don't buy into the false story that they want to help us. This is part of the end times delusion. 
  Matthew 24:24   For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. 
 2 Thessalonians 2:3   Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; 
 Revelation 16:14   For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. 

It would be like Christians on Earth, "Fuck you and your interpretation of God! You deserve death for your idolatry and will burn in hell for an eternity unless you follow my personal interpretation of Christianity!"
I have not yet read CS Lewis but I will look for those books. 
Thank you.

What would define an intelligent being without a soul?
That is how would it be different?
I am glad i am not the only one too. 
I was a bit nervous about posting it, figuring some 
might feel offended. 

I find it interesting from a philosophical standpoint.

For an aquatic species desert would have to mean something else perhaps. Because 40 years in the desert for them would probably
be quite fatal much sooner.  But the notion of a desert applies everywhere I think.

They part the land instead of the water.

Well, animals.
A dog or cat doesn't have a soul. So our hypothetical aliens would be animals, they would have a spirit but it would not be a soul.

I would like to see if any of you have experience with prayer helping heal people or change their lives for the better. 
I think prayer can allow people to resolve things in their own minds, but as for physical action, he has given you free will, also the ability to do whatever it is that you want to do. You simply have to have the courage to pursue the changes in life that you want.
I have been in tough situations where praying helped my own mental state and the physical symptoms of stress were diminished.  That's pretty much the only kind I can say for certain I have directly recognized but I feel it has helped me immensely. 

I am of the opinion that God doesn't cause miraculous physical healing often (if ever?) these days even though it it completely in His power to do so if He wished. When I do pray for the sick/injured/those in bad circumstances I often pray that those around them are inspired to take the action to help them. For example, in physical healing I would pray that God guides the doctors to the correct treatment method or that researchers can develop a cure using the incredible intellect God gave us. In that sense I certainly think prayer helps and improves lives. 
Yes, I do wholeheartedly believe that prayer can aid greatly in these situations. Personally, I have seen God work through prayer in amazing ways; too amazing to not believe in prayer. 

You bet!!!  
I have seen amazing changes from prayer and especially from drawing prayers. I go to www.DrawYourPrayers.com and draw my prayers for free and then their community prays for people. 
How sad.
Greetings Reddit,

I just received a generous donation to my ministry and was asked to use it to give away 250 copies of my book, *10 Lies Men Believe about Porn*, for free. 

Have you ever had thoughts like *I’m the only one struggling with porn like this, God must be so ashamed of me,* or *I’ve got to get stronger to overcome my lust?* These thoughts are common. But they are also lies.

My book holds these lies up against the truth of Scripture. You’ll learn how they deceive you into missing out on the freedom Christ offers you. Ultimately, you’ll discover that the message of the Gospel isn’t about learning to fight better—it’s about being brought to a point where you no longer need to fight at all. That is the type of freedom Jesus came to offer you. That’s why they call it the Good News.

All you need to do is go to my [online store](http://store.beltoftruth.com/index.php?route=product/product&product_id=50) and use the code **10LIESFREE**. That will save you $14.99 on your order, which is the cost of the book. 

Unfortunately, I am not able to offer  international shipping at this time, so this offer is only good in the US.

If you have any questions, feel free to let me know.

Thanks!
Stephen

[removed]
Luke 17 is about the suddenness of God's judgement, not about things which need to happen before judgement.  The point is people will be doing everything they normally do, as if this world will last forever, right up to the end.

Homosexual sex has been around in various stages of history.  We would do well to remove its scary aura and realise it's a sin like any other.  It's not unusual. It's not special.  We know what it means and how to deal with it because we know the cross.
I've heard of stringing quotes together, but this is over the top. Stick to bananas, Ray.
God doesn't destroy the universe in christian theology, he doesn't even destroy the earth.  He just transforms it into a new earth.
HAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA. It will always be around because in the past it's provided an evolutionary benefit.

It's not scary, your religion is just retarded
Oh, sorry, I stand corrected.
I have heard of stories like this where they won't renounce it and are killed because their faith. Doesn't it only matter what you believe in your heart? Can't you just say, "I renounce Christ" and not mean it at all, your just do it to not get killed? I have asked a couple people I know about this and it seems like they all said that they wouldn't renounce Christianity and would die. I feel horrible, but I think I wouldn't do that, it's not like you would actually renounce your Christianity, you just say that you will because if you don't a crazy person will kill you... Sorry for my bad grammar and spelling... English is not my first language... 
Personally, I've always thought a gun to the head death is kinda ideal.  Quick, painless, no problem.  Sooo, since my whole life is His anyway and I don't really care what age I go out as long as I've lived for Him, going out quickly and painlessly in the name of the Lord?  Sounds like the perfect death to me.  Totally serious about this, I wouldn't renounce.  See you guys in Heaven.
Disclaimer: I'm not a theologist or a minister. I'm just an ordinary Christian.

I'd refuse to renounce Christianity, or Christ.

Matthew 10:33 says: "But whoever disowns me before others, I will disown before my Father in heaven." (NIV)

Perhaps someone could chime in if I got the context wrong, but as I understand it, if you disavow Christ, then He'll disavow you. Sounds like a fair deal to me. 
After my brother died I lost my faith and said some horrible things renouncing my faith. I know I am forgiven and praise the Holy Spirit for bringing me back. The anguish in my soul at having denied Jesus still astounds me. I would rather die than ever deny ever again. Perhaps it depends on the individual situation but I agree with the previous comment. Matthew 10:33 kjv. But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my father which is in heaven. 
If someone has a gun to my head over this, I'm probably getting shot regardless of what I say.
[deleted]
> Doesn't it only matter what you believe in your heart? Can't you just say, "I renounce Christ" and not mean it at all, your just do it to not get killed?

There's an idea that's floated around for centuries that the physical and spiritual are separate, but this is not what Christ or any of the NT writer taught. Our faith penetrates and directly impacts our actions.

Have you ever heard of the martyrs? They were people who endured suffering and torture to the point of death for not renouncing Christ. They are some of the heroes of the faith. Look up Polycarp next time you have a couple moments to read something amazing.
There was quite a bit of debate on this in the early church--you might be interested to look into the [Novationsim](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novatianism) and [Donatism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donatism). These are quite tragic events in Christian history and persecution and the response of it by clergy and laypeople is at the heart of both of them. Although the intensification of these movements had more to do with priests and bishops who had apparently tarnished their testimony by either bowing down to idols or giving their religious texts to the authorities during persecution than the musings of lay people as this forum topic seems to be about. Augustine I feel does a good job at unpacking why a person's baptism isn't suspect depending on the faith of who baptizes them if anyone is interested in looking into this whole series of unfortunate events further.  

Personally, I hope that I would pass the test of my faith--I know that I fail my Lord daily as I stumble in sin. I know that many in the Chinese house church movement sing hymns about not becoming a Judas. Most people in the Western church have never had to really wrestle with the possibility of this, but this isn't just some quaint hypothetical question for millions in the global church. 

Need I remind you that it is under the altar are the souls of the martyrs for the faith to the Lord in the book of Revelation:

"When he opened the fifth seal, **I saw under the altar the souls of those who had been slain for the word of God and for the witness they had borne.** They cried out with a loud voice, “O Sovereign Lord, holy and true, how long before you will judge and avenge our blood on those who dwell on the earth?” **Then they were each given a white robe and told to rest a little longer, until the number of their fellow servants and their brothers should be complete, who were to be killed as they themselves had been.**" -Revelation 6:9-11.

Until Jesus returns, those that are martyred for the word of God and for the witness they they had borne will join this assembly of faithful--a martyr's crown. Since when did teaching about this and honoring this cease to be part of Christian discipleship in the West?

The movie '[Silence](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0490215/),' based on the [novel by Shusako Endo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silence_\(novel\)), about the persecution in Japan during the 1500's is slated to be coming out in 2016, so I only expect this conversation to become much louder.
.
When I was a wee tot I was threatened with a fate worse than death if I didn’t accept Christ. I capitulated then and I’m sure I would again.
Well, legally a contract made under duress is not valid. Similarly, as far as I'm concerned, if I or my loved ones are threatened, I have no hesitation about lying, and would consider any "agreement" made in that situation to mean exactly nothing -- except to render some unchristian smiting should the opportunity arise.
I would tell him that if he pulled the trigger I would in the very next second be in heaven with my two sisters and my Jesus. Have at it.

 You must understand that this is real to me. Jesus Christ is real to me. I have zero doubt about heaven. No I'm not going to deny the Lord.
I probably would, sure. And then the police would come and take him to jail and I would go right back to praying and going to church like I always do. 
Did he disowned Peter?
So if a man goes into a Christian Church and starts shooting everyone, he is doing all them a favor? 
Some unchristian smiting is exactly what would be on my mind
He didn't, but Peter should be seen as the exception. 

I wouldn't claim to understand why Peter is the exception to the rule - I'd wager that everyone makes mistakes, and disowning Christ was a mistake that Peter made. Same thing as when Rom 6:23 says that "the wages of sin are death".

However it doesn't mean that once you sin you're going to die, or you're going to suffer eternal death when you pass from this life. I'd wager it's a warning, but that God's grace still covers us.

In short - Christ raised Lazarus from the dead. Doesn't mean He was gonna raise every single person from the dead. Christ pardoned   Peter when Peter denied him three times. Doesn't mean he'll pardon everyone. 

Is God biased? Gah, now I have no clue.
No He didn't because Peter repented and God forgave Him. If Peter didn't repent then yeah, that might be the case
Peter was destined to betray Christ. That was prophecy
We are all temporary visitors of this world but we still have our purpose in this world. Everything is still in Gods permissible control, not accounting our free will. If God allows someone to go into a Church and kill everyone, then that just simply means Gods purpose for this group of people has been fulfilled and He wants them back home. 
"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice, and will come forth; those who did the good deeds to a resurrection of life, those who committed the evil deeds to a resurrection of judgment."

[John 5:28-29](http://biblehub.com/john/5-29.htm)

No it was grace.

Sorry man it won't open on my phone
try [yt direct link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJmFj7vp_cI)

The original meaning of religion actually refers to devotion to God. But I defiantly get the point here, I consider it adultery.
Not sure if the comic is ironic. Just the title Adam 4 D (if you know what I mean)
Nonsense and demonstrably false.
I'm huge into my faith as a Christian, but as a female I really struggle with the desire to have children, or lack of desire rather. People always say "You'll change your mind when you're older." but I honestly think that I won't. I feel like people don't understand it. I'm also a youth leader at my church. I LOVE kids, so that's not the problem. I just have no will to ever have my own. 
People love to bring up Genesis 1:28 "Be fruitful and multiply..." to me, but this verse was at the beginning of creation with the earth being unpopulated... 

Any thoughts? Am I wrong in feeling this way?
Jesus and Paul were both celibate. In fact, Paul says in 1 Corinthians 7:7-8, "I wish that all were as I myself am. But each has his own gift from God, one of one kind and one of another. To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is good for them to remain single as I am."

This pressure to have kids in the church is not biblical, it's just cultural. It is especially strong in American Evangelical culture. Look at Catholics, it's normal for many of them to take vows of celibacy.

I know that you're not asking about celibacy, but I think that it's connection to marriage without kids still holds.
I don't think everyone is meant to have kids. Maybe God has a plan for you that doesn't involve having kids, or a plan that kids would even get in the way of. I agree with the other poster - when God wants you to have kids I think he'd give you the desire. 
THANK YOU FOR POSTING THIS!!! I thought I was the only Christian who felt this way. As a female I think we are bombarded more then men with the baby questions and its difficult. I don't think people will ever stop questioning and belittling our decision and desires. Mostly I tell people that God made me perfect the way I am and He did not make me with the desire to have children of my own. If He gives me children, I will love them for the gift that they are. I believe it takes a gifted personality to be a good mother and He did not provide me with those gifts. He gave me other gifts and people forcing the idea of motherhood on you is unfair and going against what God may have for me and you. Please feel free to PM me. I'd love to talk more about this since we are a rare breed.
There is hardly a more personal decision than whether to have children.

To me, it is your choice and I can't imagine anyone interfering with that.

But I'll bet they do!  :)

My only comment is the younger the better.
Please, if you are going to do it, go ahead.

The heartbreak of those who wait too long and then try so hard is so sad.

Blessings on you... 
As an young person and young adult I never thought I would want children.  I grew up in the church and I've seen much of the ugly things in this world both inside and outside the church.  The desire to have children came on me gradually and it wasn't until my wife and I had been married for 7 years before we decided to try to have babies.  I can honestly say I love my two children like nothing else.

That being said, not everyone is meant for parenthood and this world would be a kinder place if more people listened to their hearts and God and didn't become parents.

I believe we put way to much pressure on the "shoulds" in this life rather than simply living life and being of service to each other.  If it is meant to be then so be it, otherwise why spend so much time worrying about.
I don't think there's anything wrong with the way you feel. Through various struggles in my life, I believe I am called to be single and childless. I don't believe there is anything unbiblical about that. God calls different people for different lifestyles to fill different needs. 

If the man who wrote half of the New Testament can childless (and single), we can too. 
If you do not desire to have children, then maybe that is God's way of telling you that you aren't supposed to have kids. When it is time, trust that God will give you the desire. 
But this is often the verse I go to in my own defense. If Paul said that marriage is not for everyone, then shouldn't we assume that having children is not for everyone? my thoughts anyway. I know we have to be careful in assuming things with scripture and normally I am.
PM right now! Lol
Yeah I'm only 22 right now so I know I have plenty of time. Plus a husband has to come first anyway so whenever that happens... 
Beautifully said :)
I fully agree. The pressure people put on others is ridiculous. I'm single and 22 and I had someone ask me when I was having children. Um, maybe when I'm out of college and married (hello?) then I might have time to ever THINK about it. Which I have. And I still don't want any. Lol
But that's my question... You're essentially saying "Just wait! You'll change your mind." What if I end up being 70 and happily married and still had never felt like having children was for me?
Then it wasn't for you. What I'm saying is, Don't feel pressured to jump into parenthood. If GOD wants you to be a parent, he'll install the desire. At this time, we're so close to the "end" (depending on your beliefs of Revelations), that there are many people who never feel that need. God isn't trying to populate the earth any more. It's almost over populated. 
That's another reason I don't want to have children. Even in Revelations it expresses woe to the mothers who are carrying children during the last days. 

Honest question.

If we can't have wealth, or if God does not want us to have wealth - does that mean that nearly every Christian in the United States is forbidden from entering heaven because even our poorest are wealthier than a majority of the rest of the world?

I just don't understand those who are oppose to Christians/believers being financially wealthy, especially when I read about King Solomon, King David and Abraham.

Thoughts?

Check out Dave Ramsey. Specifically he has a book called The Legacy Journey. We're called to be good stewards of what God gives us. We're not supposed top be greedy or serve our money.We're supposed to use our money to serve God by using it to be generous.

But it's the equivalent of putting your mask on first if the plane depressurizes. You can be better at helping others if you are healthy yourself.
> I just don't understand those who are oppose to Christians/believers being financially wealthy, especially when I read about King Solomon, King David and Abraham.

Yeah, but did you read about Jesus? "Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth" (Matthew 6:19). I don't think we are to compare ourselves to other countries with a lower standard of living. 

In the US, we are fortunate enough to have clean (relatively, anyway) water, and good access to food and shelter. That doesn't mean we are wealthy. In fact, a vast majority of Americans have little wealth.

It's questionable what God wanted, but Jesus was pretty clear that you shouldn't *hoard* money. 
Check out the book The Treasure Principle. It talks about how giving is the greatest gift. You can live with wealth but remember to give it generously as God has blessed you generously.
It's not evil to have money - but use your wealth to create opportunity for those in need. In fact, a better way to approach the topic as a Christian is to remember that you aren't wealthy at all - God is. Everything in the universe is His, but He allows us to steward certain things. Whatever we're given should be grown and developed to advance the Kingdom of God, *a la* the parable of the talents (Matt. 25:14-30).
There is actually a political system designed to address this issue called Christian Socialism. 
Wealth is great.

The ability to earn is like the ability to preach, or the ability to sing praise.  It is a gift from God to be used for His purposes.

Many wealthy (1 million + yearly earnings) believers I know are generous with their giving, and are good stewards of what God has given them (inheritance) without their work, and good stewards of their time, effort and money.

they are wealthy, and generous both.

> In the US, we are fortunate enough to have clean (relatively, anyway) water, and good access to food and shelter. That doesn't mean we are wealthy. In fact, a vast majority of Americans have little wealth.

I have to comment here.
If you have a home, electricity, enough food, a PC, Internet and other stuff you are so far ahead of the rest of the world.  look here
http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&sort=asc


We (in Canada) have a similar standard of living to the US.
It is a great country, with benefits of peace and prosperity that we enjoy by an accident of birth.

We (individually) did not earn this peace and prosperity.

I love the fact that the Bible speaks of a tithe (10% giving to God's work) as the standard for every believer (taking the Old Testament as an example, if not a command).  This means that you have done your "duty" if you give 10% of your income to God's work.

The Bible is very clear that God wants us not only to do our duty, but to be generous to those in need.  Look at Jesus words in Luke 17:7-10

     “Will any one of you who has a servant plowing or keeping sheep say to him when he has come in from the field, ‘Come at once and recline at table’? Will he not rather say to him, ‘Prepare supper for me, and dress properly, and serve me while I eat and drink, and afterward you will eat and drink’? Does he thank the servant because he did what was commanded? So you also, when you have done all that you were commanded, say, ‘We are unworthy servants; we have only done what was our duty.’”

I take the position that we are so blessed that we should take 20% of our income and give it to people in need, and to the church.  That leaves us 80% to deal with our expenses (taxes, shelter, needs, savings etc.)

I think wealth is wonderful.  We are told to work with our hands so that we will have something to give to those in need.

     Ephesians 4:28  Let the thief no longer steal, but rather let him labor, doing honest work with his own hands, so that he may have something to share with anyone in need.
love this answer, spot on.

question: let's say God has blessed you with great finances....how do you determine how nice of car you can drive, or how nice of house?  I certainly believe God wants us to enjoy his blessings, but how much?
I'd say it's a Romans 14 issue, particularly 14:22-23. Although the passage is specifically talking about un/clean food, the larger point is that if you can enjoy it with a clean and faithful conscience, it's not sinful to do so. Doubtlessly, if you possess great financial wealth, there will always be someone who thinks you should spend less on yourself regardless of what you're doing. But the Christian who walks closely and obediently with the Lord will feel conviction if they're squandering their money. I would also look to James 4:17 - if you know you should be spending your money in a certain way but don't, then what you're doing is sinful.

That's my take, though I certainly welcome others!
I think that question is up to the believer and their Lord.

Extravagance (for self)  is not a virtue, but throwing parties for the poor seems to be.
In John 3:16 we basically get god's ultimatum that if you believe in him, you will be saved because Jesus was sacrificed for our sins. 

I personally cannot let go of my doubt in favor of faith because I cannot reconcile that there are other religions, and I don't understand why Christianity, a religion that is widespread in many affluent countries, would thus save people who already had it good on earth, and punish a bunch of people in third world countries.

However, I would absolutely believe and love god if he/she really was the benevolent creator that it seems they are supposed to be in much of the bible. Do you think god would forgive me for doubting his existence when it seemed improbable? I would be happy to praise god if I thought it made sense, and I would ask for his forgiveness for not having faith all along, but to think god would punitively punish me retroactively, even though I mistakenly came to the wrong conclusion seems cruel. 

Do you think god would forgive a good-hearted agnostic who respects religion, religious people, and god if god should exist in the way that is described in the bible?

Thanks for your input. I was just curious what your perspectives might be on this one. If I were god- I would forgive me- but I am not god, so it doesn't really matter what I would do. 
It is summed up in Romans 3:23-24, which states it clearly: "All have fallen short of the glory of God and are justified by his grace through redemption that came by Jesus Christ." This one sentence has two very heavy components. One is the condemnation of all, because of sin, regardless of background or financial blessing. The second is the overwhelming freedom that comes because God made a way out of that condemnation through his son. 

Christianity is not a religion of the wealthy. That is, the wealthy do not "own it" and are instructed to treat all things of this world as refuse to follow Christ. "Sell all you have, give it to the poor, and come follow me." Jesus says this over and over again. (Re-read Luke, I think it's chapter 19 that is very poignantly anti-rich.) So it's possible that those of us who have made a great life for ourselves here aren't doing it right. To follow Christ should be a sacrifice. 

BUT, if you look at the world today, 2/3 of the church resides in very poor areas. China, Africa, South America. Many Christians, in fact, die in an effort to spread the Gospel out of compassion for the lost. Many are left without means to even support themselves, because of persecution.

I have to go, so let me also point out that Europe was not initially a wealthy continent. It was filled with barbarism and nomadic tribes. Christianity "settled" it and it became wealthy because of Christian strictures. The church was often corrupt, but it was often exactly what God commanded it should be. When nations adopt and live by Christian principles (not just word-service), these principles put it on the wealthy/powerful to share/invest their wealth so that all are given the same advantages of education and work. 

Finally, God is real and you can pray and ask him to show you these things. You don't have to sit and wonder. He will answer if you ask in sincerity and faith. 
It sounds to me like you don't have difficulty believing in God, IE a Creator, so much as believing Scripture's claims about the nature of God. Is that correct?
I love your question, and I apologize for the "short" answer.  Remember that this question is best addressed to your creator, and the best way to receive an answer is to work it our with him as you walk together through the years.  I often need a reminder that faith is not an intellectual position, but walking with God in the midst of your doubts.

    Now to your questions:
     God gave Jesus as a sacrifice, see Genesis 22:8 as an example.
     Belief is trusting God to look after us.
     There are the facts of Jesus life that we know are true.
     There is the experience of walking with God where we trust Him.
     I don't think of John 3:16 as an ultimatum, but as an invitation.
     I think of it this way
       Jesus paid a price so I get free blessings,
        His presence is with me now and I have eternal life.

    You say "I  cannot let go of my doubt in favor of faith"
      That is good.  Faith does not mean we never have any doubts
      It means we walk with God even when 
           we don't know how He will work it out

    Regarding other religions . . . 
      People are trying to figure out answers to the big questions.
      Of course they put together stories to help explain things.
      The question is "which is closest to the truth?"
      (I assume we all make mistakes, and teach & do wrong things,
       some are minor, some are major, that's why we need a savior)

     I can't agree with the premise of your question 
>save people who already had it good on earth, and punish a bunch of people in third world countries.

 Look at the map of [religious demographics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religions_by_country).
 Then look at the map of [GDP per person] (http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD/countries?display=map)
  It seems to me that the countries that have a Christian heritage have developed peace and prosperity because of their Christian faith.  During the "dark ages" and after the "black death" many countries that are currently thriving were decimated and the people struggled to survive.  I say that the prosperity we enjoy is the result of nations built on the rule of law, and the importance of education.

     You asked if God would forgive you . . . 
     That is the reason for Jesus' coming to earth.
     He loves you and wants to bless you.
     He values your choice, so He will not force Himself on you.
     I have many questions and doubts of people's claims about God.
     That is a sign you have a brain.  God is OK with that.

    The best way to get your answer is to ask God to show you himself.
    Read the Bible stuff about Jesus because you see God's character.
    People might confuse you because we are not that great at doing
      what he says.

   Peace!
   Merry Christmas


> Genesis 22:8 Abraham answered, "God himself will provide the lamb for the burnt offering, my son." And the two of them went on together.

Jesus doubted.

You're in good company.
>All have fallen short of the glory of God and are justified by his grace through redemption that came by Jesus Christ

I've had a very hard time grasping this concept while simultaneously preserving a favorable view of God. God created man, yet God placed the bar for His glory so high that we cannot achieve it. However, He in His mercy sent His only son (because the omnipotent beings are limited to having only one son) to bridge the hard gap and allow us a chance at eternal life. God thus created the problem (us), made it impossible to resolve the problem on our own due to His stringent standards of glory, and out of mercy, not out of justice, fairness or remorse, allowed a means out of our own damnation. This is spiritual racketeering.

It's really unfair also because what I'm doing right now is a sin if it causes someone to stumble in their faith. If my notion of the Biblical God is true in that He is capable of jealousy and anger, both of which are deemed sins for us but clearly not for Him, I don't imagine Him telling me the answers to these questions. I'm a lifelong Christian. Can someone help me out with this?

Also, did God create evil? God created everything, but whoever I ask seems to have some type of narrative about free will that seems to absolve God of this act. Eve made the decision to bite the fruit* before she had knowledge of good and evil. One doesn't blame someone who doesn't know better.
I can tell you're a life-long Christian. It's such a sorrow for me when friends in my church feel this abuse. I call it abuse, because your enemy is taking advantage of your doubts and questions right now and beating you with them (1 Peter 5:8, 2 Cor. 2:11). 

First of all, forgiveness is 100%. Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice. I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them from my hand." He also says the good shepherd lays his life down for his sheep. This picture is of someone who wants you, loves you, is committed to you. This is an awesome sermon from the late Henry Nouwen about God's love for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFWfYpd0F18    There is NOTHING we can do to earn the grace that motivated Jesus go to the Cross. We cannot live up to his standards of glory. We deserve none of his grace. Jesus took up the cross, because it was all on him. Period. His mercy isn't a carrot dangling above your head. It's yours. Done. Rest in it and be loved by him. 

Second, questions are not only welcome in the believer's life, they are essential. Why should anyone turn off their brain to follow God? If this is necessary, then he isn't God. I believe he wants us to be intelligent, insightful, questioning... our eternity is at stake. Why approach this any other way? My only hope is that you seek out those believers who are as intelligent as you so they can navigate you through these questions. If you don't find them at church, find them in places like St. Augustine's writings or modern Christian thinkers: N.T. Wright, William Lane Craig, Ravi Zacharias, Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Henry Nouwen, Francis Schaeffer, there are so many. You are welcome to PM me if I can be of any help.

I also feel it should be emphasized, there is no substitution to reading scripture. The first time I read your email, I thought immediately of scriptures that address your concerns. I don't always think that kind of response is effective, so I stepped back and was praying about how to respond. 

Let me address your question about God being jealous when jealousy is a "sin." First of all, jealousy is not always a sin, but a good response in specific circumstances. If you were married and found out your spouse was having an affair, your jealousy is not a sin. It is the loving response to have in that situation. The sin was not yours, but your spouse's. This is how God describes himself when Israel worships other gods. He made a covenant with them. He is their protector, he loves them, he is committed to them, but as a nation they wander away and make idols and pick up detestable practices in which to worship them. (For instance, sacrificing babies on altars to Molech.) Should this not offend God? He is jealous when you or I have "idols" as well. Not because he is unreasonable, but because those things hurt us. His desire to be our first priority so he can protect us. It is the same as a spouse: a covenantal promise to love and protect each other. 

As for jealousy/envy/covetousness that is sin in our lives — I think what you are referring to is wanting what someone else has to the point that it's sin. Like, I want that car, I will do anything for that car. I can't stop thinking about that car. I will go "buy" it on a 5-year loan when each monthly payment is enough to break me. But I had to have that car. Or I like that girl. She's married, but I just gotta have her. It might destroy me, but I will think about her until I find a way to get her. Do you get the idea? For one, we are not content with what we have. We do not trust God enough to ask him for the things we need and wait patiently for him to provide them in his wisdom and time. We take what he is not giving because we want to, but that thing ends in destroying us. Was it worth it? No. So God says, don't covet. 

Evil is a twisting of what God did create. It is an offense to him. His says one thing, someone twists it or counters it. They are attempting to remove him from his rightful place of authority. Remember that we have spiritual enemies who do this specifically to hurt you. It's nothing new, you just need to be mindful of it. When we buy into those lies, then you and I do evil things that hurt us. In my life, God always finds a way to interject his mercy, but I will recognize that I've lost years of my time, I've lost important relationships, I've lost money and reputation... But he was there to pick me up again, even restore much of what I lost. He's really good to his kids. 

Feel free to read this critically. Don't put down your brain at any time!!!
> I've had a very hard time grasping this concept while simultaneously preserving a favorable view of God. God created man, yet God placed the bar for His glory so high that we cannot achieve it.

It is just that "the bar" is his character.
He doesn't change that 
I sincerely thank you for your response and the time you took out of your day to write it.

I'm sorry to say, however, that your answer then leads to more questions. For some reason, I want to work backwards. 

Replace "God" in your second to last paragraph with the name of a trending dictator. Kim Jong Un, let's say. It fits very nicely given one has knowledge of how North Koreans live.

In regards to jealousy, yes. God was jealous of the golden calf in that He wanted what the statue had that He didn't. The Bible doesn't mince words either. In the same chapter the 10 Commandments are read (I recall), God claims to be a jealous God. I admire the honesty, though. In regards to your analogy with a relationship, a husband is not in a position to be jealous of a spouse who belongs to him. Jealousy is only possible if a spouse belongs to someone else. Jealousy/envy is always a sin. It's one of the unequivocal tenets of the 10 Commandments that actually makes sense to me. I think it may be insecurity that you're describing. If the analogy is extended to me and my relationship with God, it would be a controlling and borderline abusive one. I am given free will and not allowed to exercise it by the same entity.

In regards to scripture, I read this the other day.

"Pay attention and turn your ear to the sayings of the wise;
    apply your heart to what I teach,"

Proverbs 22:17

"Do you see a person wise in their own eyes?
    There is more hope for a fool than for them."

Proverbs 26:12

In accordance with the rules of logic, after cherrypicking some verses, I invalidated the entire book of Proverbs and Solomon's credibility. According to him, he has less hope than a fool. I've once been quoted the verse involving throwing pearls at pigs in an online verbal row with a Christian youth leader who was convinced I was demon possessed. This is the problem. No one knows who the "enemy" is. The Pharisees were convinced that Jesus was the enemy.

I think pretty soon I'm going to accept that the Bible as illogical (not bad, allows more room for Faith I suppose) and God as finite. If one were truly omnipotent, one would never be jealous of mortals or shiny statues. If God's attention span were finite, then His allowing Eve to be tempted would be excusable (or even comprehensible). If God were omnipotent, Christianity's war with "the enemy" would've been won milliseconds after the creation of man. However, it endures to this day. The only explanation which makes sense to me that also preserves His omnipotence is that He's entertained by it. It brings Him joy to create a world where ants suffer and, in moments of triumph, give thanks and glory to Him, a compulsion apparent only in the most sociopathic of mortal individuals. However, since it's God, it's okay.

I may have committed a cardinal sin in writing this. See how messed up the entire framework is? Scripture is not to be questioned. If it is questioned, I am the enemy or confused by the enemy.
If you think about it, benevolent dictatorship is the most effective form of government. But who is benevolent? We tend towards checks and balances, because history has proven that people are not to be trusted with absolute power. Maybe God is trustworthy. He does not use absolute power to force people to be his puppets. He leaves them to be themselves. He leaves himself open to rejection and "causes his rain to fall on the righteous and the unrighteous" (meaning he blesses both). Not very Kim Jong Un-ish, if you ask me.

As for jealousy, the 10th commandment in Hebrew uses the word "tahmod" (the root being hamad, hard het). This word is more the word "desire." God's jealousy is "qanah," which is only ever descriptive of God. There is a difference between God's jealousy and man's jealousy/envy/greed. It may not make sense in modern English, but that the ancient Hebrews understood this is evident by how they used these words. 

Which rules of logic are you using, exactly? Doesn't "cherry picking" help build the fallacy of "faulty generalization?" You did hit on something, though. Cherry picking verses is the best way to misunderstand them. I think a lot of abuse in the church comes from people unknowingly using verses out of context of the passage and out of context to the historical background to manipulate situations for their own benefit. When I read your first note, I thought you might even be the product of a church that stresses some passages at the cost of others. It was only a feeling, so I didn't pursue it. Hunches are useful, but need to stand up under scrutiny. I don't know enough of your past to follow it up. 

I want to encourage you to read carefully the books of Romans and Hebrews. These might appeal to your sense of reasoning. They make more sense if you are very familiar with the Old Testament, and it sounds like you have read parts of the OT. 
> I think pretty soon I'm going to accept that the Bible as illogical (not bad, allows more room for Faith I suppose) and God as finite. If one were truly omnipotent, one would never be jealous of mortals or shiny statues. If God's attention span were finite, then His allowing Eve to be tempted would be excusable (or even comprehensible). If God were omnipotent, Christianity's war with "the enemy" would've been won milliseconds after the creation of man. However, it endures to this day. The only explanation which makes sense to me that also preserves His omnipotence is that He's entertained by it. It brings Him joy to create a world where ants suffer and, in moments of triumph, give thanks and glory to Him, a compulsion apparent only in the most sociopathic of mortal individuals. However, since it's God, it's okay.

In many ways, the Bible is illogical.  It includes the story of people, and how God intruded in their life when they were messing up.  The problems are all because of free choice.

That means that your freedom to choose is a huge big deal to God.  He let sinners like me make and live with their choices.  Some called to Him for help, and some times he stepped in an worked a miracle, but often he lets me see the results of my choices.  His desire again and again in scripture is that we would be His people, and that He would be our God.  We are supposed to walk with Him in the mess of our lives and we will be glad for his comfort and company.

   Sometimes He blesses us with miracles or protection or prosperity or health, but that is not the major thing.  He has offered us His friendship for eternity, like the best of Fathers with the worst of children.

> I may have committed a cardinal sin in writing this. See how messed up the entire framework is? Scripture is not to be questioned. If it is questioned, I am the enemy or confused by the enemy.

   I think you have the idea that it is about knowing and doing the right stuff (important, but secondary), but God continually reminds us we are not "all knowing" or perfect.  We are like children taking their first steps, and the Father is pleased with His children even though we are not perfect.

Thanks again for your reply. It's helped in clarifying many points. There definitely is a culture attached to being Christian, I think. If you could clarify one more logical problem I've been struggling with, and I think I brought it up in my original reply, I think I can be on my way.

God is omniscient and knows all. However, the narrative in the beginning of Genesis suggests that He was not omniscient for a moment in time. He turned His attention way from Adam and Eve, resulting in Satan tempting Eve and the subsequent fall of man. In this scenario, God is either not omniscient and can preserve His righteousness due to ignorance, or He saw it all happen and, bearing the power to stop it, did not, bearing some of the guilt. It's ignorance or entrapment, and I'm not sure which is worse. Could you make a case for God's innocence in this matter?
None of the above. You are setting up a fallacious argument. Here's an easy list of fallacies, several of which I could apply to your second paragraph: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fallacies

I think it's fine to be a skeptic, but be an honest skeptic. Don't let yourself get away with simplistic conclusions based on emotional arguments. I also gave you suggestions for reading. It's nice to be able to ask someone for answers, but other people don't have the same questions you have. You can't just spring a question on someone and then say, "Ha! I must be right. You don't know either." Especially if your objection is based on a false premise, it will not have occurred to this person. You need to give others time to help you untangle the paths of your thought processes, if help is something that you actually want. (Of course, you don't want help from the equally confused.)

This is why you need to do your own research. Read Augustine. Read William Lane Craig. Read the books of Romans and Hebrews (and the whole bible). Christianity was not born out of an illiterate, ignorant society. It was raised out of a highly educated, philosophical Greek and Jewish context. It continues to be accepted by many academic elites. It holds up under scrutiny, if you actually take the time to do your research. 
I understand your position, and I'm not sure why your tone seems to have shifted to being defensive. I guess it all narrows down to this question:

Did God watch Eve fall?
Did my tone shift to defensive? I apologize. I was, perhaps, frustrated with the question and my inability to give you a simple answer. That's why I pointed you to researching for yourself. You aren't in my personal circles, so I don't feel I can be an adequate guide. 

The best response I have in this minute: it doesn't narrow down to the fall of Adam and Eve. I reject the premise of your argument, because (I think) you base it on a false conclusion that the fall of man equates God's inability to rule over his own creation. However, my theology places that impetus on man from the beginning. Adam and Eve (humans) were given authority to steward and rule over creation, which continues even now. That authority includes their own decisions. I believe God has foreknowledge, but then you get into harder, deeper theological issues, which I know you will ask. I personally am a compatiblist. I see foreknowledge and free will working together. I think it's biblical and I believe, if you are willing to read into metaphysics, there are convincing arguments for it in non-religious philosophical terms. But to be honest, I hated metaphysics and I didn't want to argue it. I want you to read it. Because I hated making my brain do that.  :)
Also, Romans 9 (specifically starting with v.14) addresses, I think, much of your underlying question. It's pretty harsh, though, which is why I want you to read the whole book and avoid taking it out of context. 
Thank you for your responses. I admit that I am needlessly stubborn, and there are countless mental blocks I hit when trying to make sense of certain topics in Christianity. In science, research narrows down the scope of hypotheses in order to land on a simpler truth or proof of a certain phenomenon, and a hypothesis that ultimately lead to more questions than explanations tend to be those not pursued or rejected. 

The spiritual narrative of the enemy twisting and manipulating my knowledge of the Bible definitely does seem to apply to me at the moment. I've had compulsions of hate against the Church for confusing me as a kid when I know how much time, effort and good work the leadership does for its own community as well as abroad. There is no doubt that the Christian community has a net positive effect on society, but one sarcastic "I'll pray for you" and my positive outlook is gone. I've become quite the cynic, and a hard heart is hard to crack.

I hope one day it clicks in my brain.

I thank you wholeheartedly for your replies. I'll be reading up on the readings you suggested.

This is a very gracious response. You don't need to be so hard on yourself. I appreciate the honesty. I know the struggle is real, and some of what I pointed you towards may bring up more questions than answers. 

A little disclosure about me: I've never really doubted on an intellectual level. I came to Christ as a child, in spite of a non-Christian home. I remember vividly the difference between darkness and light, and it's stayed with me. I've thought through some of this stuff, because I find that I worship God with my intellect. I feel close to him when I learn about him. But I was praying today in the car and I felt like the Lord was impressing upon me that he wanted me to be diligent and kind in my answers with you, rather than merely pointing you to resources (which I think, in the long run, are still better for you than anything I can do). I guess, I felt a bit inadequate, never having my faith dangling over that particular chasm of doubt. I know how precious you are to our Father, so I hope you can be patient with me if our conversation continues at any point in the future. If not, may your journey be filled with the knowledge of his love for you (Ephesians 3:14-21).
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo) for Chrome (or [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) for Firefox) and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
:) Thanks for letting us know! Colossians 1:9-14

This is completely out of context:

> [...in his diary entry for 29 August 1970, ... Gödel would not publish because he was afraid that others might think "that he actually believes in God, whereas he is only engaged in a logical investigation (that is, in showing that such a proof with classical assumptions (completeness, etc.) correspondingly axiomatized, is possible)."](http://www.princeton.edu/~achaney/tmve/wiki100k/docs/G%C3%B6del_s_ontological_proof.html)

The article talks a lot about the ramifications of Godel's proof, and that of the mathematicians that worked on it. However, it doesn't say anything to explain what Godel's proof was, or the actual work done by the mathematicians that inspired the article. Piss-poor attempt to raise awareness, if it was meant as anything other than click-bait.

For the curious, the following is an excerpt from the Wikipedia article about [Godel's ontological proof](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6del%27s_ontological_proof):

>Gödel left a fourteen-point outline of his philosophical beliefs in his papers. Points relevant to the ontological proof include

>    4) There are other worlds and rational beings of a different and higher kind. 

>    5) The world in which we live is not the only one in which we shall live or have lived.

>    13) There is a scientific (exact) philosophy and theology, which deals with concepts of the highest abstractness; and this is also most highly fruitful for science.

>    14) Religions are, for the most part, bad—but religion is not.


I'd be very curious to see what new math the mathematicians have worked out.
TL;DR - Scientist have Mathematically proven there is God.

with a macbook, for all you hipsters..


If you're offended by a cross then you're either a vampire or you have issues.
What is this world coming to!!

It only takes the little things. I can already see myself getting really hooked and competitive with this and trying to constantly get more and more points every day. I'll definitely give it a try.
It offers only one snippet of scripture for only a handful of sins or praise. Is this still in its early stages?

My reason for sharing this is, I want people to know that God can, does, and will bring healing in any situation. God bless!
Although I am an Atheist I am very sympathetic towards religion, to the point where I sometimes describe myself as “Atheist but religious”. I am particularly concerned with the nature of faith and the overcoming of rationality that seems to be necessary for embracing Christianity. For instance I have heard the process of becoming Christian for many described along the long the lines of surrendering all of yourself- including your rationality to faith and God. These converts seem to dismiss questions concerning the empirical evidence or rational proof of God as totally missing the point- as there is no rational basis for their personal experience of God and Christ.


While this is profoundly beautiful I can’t help but think that there are some situations in which it is of the upmost importance to be able to discern what does and does not actually exist, what is real and what is false. In these situations- I cannot even imagine surrendering my rationality to God. For instance, I know that I love my family above all else. And if the time came in which they were severely hurt or injured, I know I would take faith in Western Medicine- born of empiricism and rationality to cure them over my faith in God. I might pray as well, but I would know in my heart of hearts that that prayer would have little effect in comparison to the skill and knowledge of the surgeon, or the effectiveness of the machines to which he or she is attached. What’s more is that I would find it abhorrent and deluded to think any differently – to for a second put faith in God over faith in medicine, as that might cloud my judgment and delay the recovery somehow.


So my question is how can I reconcile that when lives of people I love are on the line, that when my entire being needs to be able to discern truth from falsehood, I will put my trust in rationalism and empiricism (something which when applied to Christianity, shows it to be false) with faith and the Christian doctrine?
Faith is first and foremost a subjective experience and thus innately true to each individual.

That said, in respect to empirical evidence and doing what works; there is nothing wrong with it and I personally argue that all the modern technology and medicine we have today should be taken as blessings from God. We have flourished as a global society and for those of us fortunate to benefit from science and technology should embrace it within moral use.

Yet first and foremost we sacrifice everything about ourselves in reverence to God for the life and universe he has created. When we pray and put our faith in God for healing we cannot let ourselves pigeon-hole how God works. While we can ask for specific blessings, God has his own Will and plan. He'll do things his way.

I have struggled throughout my life dealing with faith vs. rationalism. I have faith that no matter what we learn about the universe it is part of God's design. He made the whole darn thing! I cannot think of a more beautiful way of creation unfolding than what we see in the big-bang theory and evolution. I don't think we can truly know in this life the specifics of how God created the universe and life, but the Bible tells us he did so in a specific order; and much within modern theory coincides with that order.

I mean, in the end all God is about relationship between us and him, and also us and each other. Jesus came here to say that all God wants from us is dedication to the betterment of the human race, and bringing the human race back into constant relation with Him, our creator.

I know I've rambled on, but it's late and I've had a few drinks with me friends! Please ask whatever comes to your mind, I'd love to talk!
It is impossible to explain to someone an experience which they don't have the capability of understanding until it happens to them.  Imagine trying to explain to someone who doesn't have eyes what it is to actually see the world.  You go up to a blind man and you say, here, come this way because I can see where this path leads.   Why would the blind man follow you?  You are there with your eyes open and can see all around but how do you explain that to someone who doesn't even have eyes?  This is what it feels like trying to explain faith to someone that doesn't have it.  
On another subject, in the example you gave, remember that it is God who created the world and everything in it, including medicine so why wouldn't you give your family the medicine.  Where do you think your rationality comes from if not from God?
You are kind of missing the point. You put faith in God, so he can give wisdom to do what is needed ton be done. And once you experience God you will know he is there.
Rationality does coexist with God all the time. When you give your family to the doctors to get them better, who do you think provided you with the doctors? God!   
You also pray that God gives that doctors wisdom to do that! You might be wondering 'why he just doesn't shoot rainbows down from heaven to heal my family?'
The answer to that is because he wants relationships with believers to be special, what fun would that be? 
It's kind of similar to pets. It's special for a pet to like you. What if every pet likes you? Then a relationship with a pet is no longer special.
There's a difference between faith and magical thinking. Magical thinking leads one to believe that an ailment requires no cure. Faith leads one to believe that ulimately, trust in God's goodness will see you through all the travails of sickness, even if medicine fails to bring a cure, and you or your loved ones face death.

Faith is the most beautiful thing, and the least tangible thing, I have ever encountered.
Faith is as you said, giving all of yourself towards God.
But that does not mean you have to give your rationality.
Let me put it like this.
Imagine you're about to jump off a cliff; God wants you to have a bungee cord, but that doesn't mean he's not going to help you. He may end up being the one to grab you before the cord breaks, or show you when you have too much cord.
Your job is to believe that he has your back, but that doesn't mean you go off and test it like it's a game of falling back and hoping he'll catch you.
Now the example you gave suggests that you have more faith in man than an all powerful God.
Unlike men, God has literally raised people from the dead because of the prayers of others.
I have heard hundreds of testimonies to this.
Yes you want to use every tool you have at hand, but God is all you'll ever need, now depending on how much faith you have in him, decided how much room God has to work.
I mean, he's not going to heal your family against your will. 
He's not going to heal them if you're afraid he wont.
Faith is more of trusting him that he is God, and not having fear of what might or might not happen.
Prayers have saved many lives, and we as Christians know this because of our rational discernment of what is humanly possible, and impossible.
See, whenever God answers a prayer, he is going to make sure that his glory get's shown through it.
He loves to show his glory.
Now of course, that may seem very chauvinist, but it's one of the only ways God can witness to unbelievers.

Now to answer your question; God gave you free will, which includes rationality, but he wants you to trust him enough that you would allow him to actually do his job. Sometimes that's hard, yes, but it's worth it.

Surrendering your rationality to God does not mean shut off your brain and click your ruby red slippers.  God wants you to think!  There are many Christians who do not do this, but not all of us.  To me, a blind faith is foolish.  If you are interested in how someone can reasonably believe in God, I recommend reading the book, On Guard: Defending Your Faith with Reason and Precision by William Lane Craig.  I’m not saying you’ll be a Christian when you are done, but maybe you’ll see that there is a good, logical, rationale for believing in Christ.  

There are some who believe you have to surrender your rationality to be an atheist.  The ideas that the universe can come into being from absolute nothing or that the chemicals needed for life can come together randomly and form a complex cell with a mechanism to replicate itself are…..also a leap of faith.  There is no evidence that either are possible and they appear to violate the basic laws of science.  Maybe there will be evidence some day, but until then it is faith.

And by all means, take some Advil!

How did the very first atom come into existence? According to you, it just created itself. And you say that you cannot hear him, see him, touch him, smell, him, or taste him. So then, can't you taste, touch, smell, hear, or see your brain. So with all due respect, you must not have a brain! And I also challenge you to do something. Try praying once just asking God for a sign that he is there. Just one little prayer.
Shit, I'll believe a blue unicorn bludgeoned Satan with a Swiffer sweeper if it'll get me into heaven! Blessed be thy Swiffer!
I would argue that Christianity is incredibly rational to the point that you can defend every single claim being made. In fact, the Bible is infallible and the word of God has no errors. If you're interested in apologetic, you should look into the works of C.S. Lewis who delves much further into rationality and Christianity. If you have a question that you believe that the Bible to be not rational on, do share, and we can discuss more about it.

Faith is something that comes through experience for most, except for the few who are born with it. We humans are incredibly slow learners. Even the disciples of Jesus took years to develop any faith, and still Jesus often rebuked them for their lack of faith in Him even though they practically lived together for years. It's one of those things we learn through our lives because God answers every single prayer, maybe not at the time we want it to or the way that we would like it to be answered, but all prayers will be answered.

In the scenario you're describing, putting faith in God is as follows: you're putting your faith in God because in the grand scheme of things, whatever He has predestined to happen since before the creation of the world is for the sake of His glory and His love towards us. Yes your family member might die during like a surgery, yes they might live, your faith doesn't decide which happens, but you put your trust into Him because He is the one in control of absolutely everything. You trust in Him and have faith in Him because He alone is good and holy, and everything He does is good and holy. Your rationality doesn't matter beyond the basic decisions like what hospital or when the operation will be, and the fact is that no matter how rational your decisions are, you have no power over what will ultimately happen.

Through that trust and faith in God, you gain the peace of God that is out of this world.

Philippians 4:6-7 "6 Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. 7 And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus."
Your right he doesn't exist so don't do anything
I'm really interested in seeing how you can hold the position and beliefs you hold when it seems to me to be in contradiction with the world we both seem to appreciate for the same reasons, namely these:

>modern technology and medicine we have today should be taken as blessings from God. 

I'm sorry, God didn't do diddly-squat when it came to helping out Marie Curie, and she died of cancer to pave the way for radiation therapy for future cancer patients, as well as X-rays and a host of other applications. God didn't lift a finger for her not to help her with her discoveries or with not dying of cancer. Give credit where credit is due, to the women and men of science who did all the hard work.

>While we can ask for specific blessings, God has his own Will and plan. He'll do things his way.

This one has always confused me. If God's god his own plan, why bother praying in the first place?

>I have faith that no matter what we learn about the universe it is part of God's design. He made the whole darn thing! I cannot think of a more beautiful way of creation unfolding than what we see in the big-bang theory and evolution.

Ergo, you agree with the beauty of God's plan, in that it is his express will and purpose to have a world filled with plagues, flesh-eating bacteria, and the charming worms that burrow their way through children's eyeballs. Thus I quoteth David Attenborough:

> In a recent interview for the Radio times, the great David Attenborough discussed his opposition to creationism and was asked why he didn't give "credit" to God for the design of living things. He replied: "They always mean beautiful things like hummingbirds. I always reply by saying that I think of a little child in east Africa with a worm burrowing through his eyeball. The worm cannot live in any other way, except by burrowing through eyeballs. I find that hard to reconcile with the notion of a divine and benevolent creator."

As someone else said, I find it much easier to understand good things happening without God than bad things happening with him. How do you deal with this?

>I don't think we can truly know in this life the specifics of how God created the universe and life, but the Bible tells us he did so in a specific order; and much within modern theory coincides with that order.

And much more of it is just flat-out wrong. You can see similarities by twisting scripture to make it fit modern discoveries, and that's your right, but it makes me wonder where people can draw the line between biblically-supported and unbiblical.

Just to clarify, I don't mean to sound like an angry atheist, I'm genuinely curious about the way you think about these issues. I have never been religious (despite a religious upbringing) and I just don't understand the religious mindset. It seems to be governed by rules and guidelines, but I don't have the faintest idea about how they work.
This is how I feel about moving from religion/faith to rationality.  I see all the bad information and bad choices my family made based on religion with a new perspective.  It is such a clarifying experience that I just can't get across to someone still under the influence of indoctrination.  All I can do is try to lead by example and offer them love support and another point of view. 
But the blind man can see now, and the deaf man can hear, it's called technology.  We can explain science and technology to blind people.  
I just think that there is something real and something not real and sometimes your entire soul, your entire being needs to differentiate the two. When that time comes for me I will use rationality to make that differentiation. If someone could show me that rationality could co-exist someway with faith in God I might believe, but as of now I see them as mutually exclusive. 
[deleted]
You can see your brain...MRI scanners make that possible. Or cut open the head of a dead person to see it. Or hold up a mirror during open brain surgury (many people are awake during brain surgury).

The scientific method also lets you make alterations to the brain to test functionality.

Prayer has either not been shown to work or has been shown not to work, using the scientific method.
(weather god exists outside the scientific method i can say nothing about and leave that to philosophers and theologeans)
I have- I'm not a rabid atheist or anything, I just don't see how to get past my dilemma.
The bible says many times that the wicked will ask for a sign, but none shall be given to him. God doesn't push his ways on us, he wants us to choose for ourselves to follow him. It wasn't until I put full faith in God and aligned myself under his rule that my eyes were truly open. 

I think defending every single claim in the Bible is a rather strange goal. The Earth created before the Sun? What about Night and Day created before the Sun?

I'm barely into the first page and we have erroneous information that can be proven incorrect by a student with only the tiniest understanding of physics.

Now that alone doesn't mean there is no God, but I think trying to defend the Bible as infallible is quite frankly ignorant, absurd and ridiculous.
There are many things the mind cannot see. The mind is only a tool. The truth is, the mind can be tricked. The mind is ultimately a finite device. 
You can. It's hard to explain, but you can.
I'm going to take this conversation into a different direction. Fine then. lets go back to the very beginning. How did the world as we know it come to be? Evolution, you will say. But where did the beginning cell or molecule come from? Did the universe just create itself on its own? No. Another example. Does a 10 story building build itself on its own? No. Therefore there has to be a creator, just like a building has to have an architect.
Fine then. What about thoughts? Can a doctor cut you open and see your thoughts? No. But how are you reading this? You are thinking!
What do you mean 'you're dilemma'?
You are right, but if you are in a place in your life where you put your faith in God, even if you are an atheist, he will provide,
I agree.

That is precisely why the scientific method was invented, to try and remove as much as possible any and all bias and factors that could trick our minds.

Minds cannot 'see' per se, but I think I understand what you mean. The mind can be tricked and it is a finite device, but it's the only device we have at hand to explore the reality of the universe around us.

I disagree however that the mind is just a tool. I am a mind, you are a mind. Every part of you that thinks and feels is part of a 'mind'. Minds are not tools, they are us. Critical thinking is a tool, and it can bring us very far indeed.
Could you try? Evangelize a little!
I mean the dilemma I mentioned in my post- how to have faith in God when in moments of greatest crisis- I will have no need for it.
Where do you turn to when you have nothing left? 
How do you mean?

I don't know how to answer this considering the fact that Jesus couldn't be defined by a label such as gay. Even if the temptation arose he wouldn't have been able to entertain it. I personally am disgusted by the hate that "Christians" have towards homosexuality. We all sin, no one is better than anyone else. 
I suppose if homosexuality weren't a sin. For Jesus to be savior he had to be without sin.
Okay, I'll offer a little different perspective here. 

It says (I'm too lazy to look it up) that Jesus was tempted by every incarnation of sin during the time when the accuser did moral battle with him in the desert. If he was tempted by every sin, he must have been tempted by the sin of homosexuality. He was tempted and, like all other sins, rose above this temptation.

Now, I think it is at least arguable that being a homosexual is not a sin, but the act of sodomy, the act of lying with a member of the same sex is a sin.

There is no biblical evidence that Jesus was into men or women. Strictly speaking he had no sexuality according to the Bible. That does not mean he didn't have a preference, but he may have ignored that preference in light of the larger work with which he had been entrusted.
That question honestly means nothing. It could not have happened.
The simple answer is yes.  Why?  Because it is not about those kinds of things, but what he was meant to do.  It seems like he has no sexual preference, but in actuality, there is no way of knowing.  Saying that he had none is putting your own understanding, which apostle Paul says not to lean on your own understanding.

He died for our sins, he had no reason marry or court.  He knew what he had to do, and he stuck with it.  He was a man of His Word, literally, but this does not mean he did not have a sexual preference, yet it does not mean he did, for the bible does not say anything about it.

Anyways, yes, I would still follow him.  What he did for my life is more important than his sexual preference.
It might be a serious question, but it's ridiculous.  Jesus never mentioned anything about his sexuality, so it's like asking, "Would I still follow Jesus if his favorite color was yellow".
"nobody knows what we're for, only what we're against when we judge the wounded. what if we put down our signs, crossed over the lines and loved like You did" ~ Casting Crowns: Jesus Friend of Sinners
bottom line... Jesus just could not have been the Son of the Most High if he was gay. it is against Gods teachings and in order for us to be saved we needed a perfect spotless sacrifice... if Jesus was gay he would be impure and a useless sacrifice... but he was perfect in every way and his Blood atoned for every one of our sins because he loved us THAT much :) hope this was helpful God Bless 
*sigh* 
 Well, this question is a kicker... If Jesus was gay, obviously, the bible would have been written differently. One very common misconception is that the bible contradicts itself. That is very FALSE! The story is consistent all throughout the entire book. 
 Since there were many people who contributed to different parts of the bible, all during different times I should add, there is no way they could have agreed to try and keep the story constant. It is just not possible.
 Anyway, that question I cannot fully answer. Seeing how very improbable that is... A question I CAN answer is this: Were there gay people in the bible times?
 Well of course! In the city of Sodom, there were things pretty similar to modern things seen today. For example: Orgies between all sexes, gay, lesbians, and probably beastiality. There is almost nothing known today that is not mentioned in the bible (pertaining to sin).
No, if Jesus had been a homosexual, he would not have been the Son of God.   I would not follow  a person claiming to be the Son of God who also was a homosexual.  Neither will I follow a man who claims to be a christian yet lives a homosexual lifestyle.
In light of all the biblical references to killing gays, I can't imagine any true Christian would follow him. But it's kind of a dumb argument as Jesus was not gay. In fact, it's kind of a gray area as to whether or not he was banging Jezebel.
Jesus was sent here to live a life without sin and then sacrifice his own life as the perfect offering. So, if Jesus had instead engaged in anything that the Lord God our father hated, then he wouldn't have been worthy of the sacrifice. It's important to understand that God loves every single human being, regardless of their choices. He hates the choice, not the person who made it. Love is about unconditional forgiveness, but forgiveness can only follow repentance.

As Christians, it is our duty to love everyone as we love ourselves. Anyone who says they love God yet is prejudice towards someone gay is either a liar or a hypocrite. When they show up on judgement day, God will say he never knew that person and judge him just as he had judged the homosexual. 

Matthew: "Take out the log in your eye before you try to remove the splinter in your brother's"

Elsewhere in the bible: "Judge not lest ye be judged"
Think about it. Jesus was 33 and unmarried in a society where it is normal to be married by age 15. He was definitely gay. 
Being gay is a choice. Sort of like picking what cereal you want to eat in the morning. :/ 
First of all, the way I was tought in my family and church was that being gay or lesbian is a sin.
Now my opinion about the question:
If Jesus were gay, I would still follow him. It woul be his choise and opinion. But, I would still follow the Bible, and not be gay.
Please give me feedback of this.
emm ... where in the bible is it said, what sort of sex Jesus preferred/tried?


If he was gay, then he wouldn't have been God's son, what with being both God and Man at the same time and God not being able to be part of sin at all.
If he had been gay, then homosexuality would not be a sin. So, yes. 
"But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes." - 2 Timothy 2:23
Jesus was not gay and you have no proof like always

this is just more homos trying to spread gayness.

you know what. Jesus still loves you but that does not mean i have to put up with you.

let me explain why Jesus can not be gay. he is the son of god and a good person nto a sinner.

you just want to trick people to think he is gay because you do the devils work.

you better find jesus or you will go to helland nburn for eternity. i will laugh at you from heaven freak.
Homosexuality is not a sin.  Gay sex is the sin.  Jesus was tempted in all sorts of ways, and I don't doubt he was tempted sexually too.  Whether that temptation was by a woman, a man, or both, has no bearing.  He was tempted, and he resisted that temptation.  Gay or straight, he did not sin.


If i recall correctly, it is also a [sin to wear](http://bible.cc/leviticus/19-19.htm) more then one type of cloth at any time. Same passage also forbids use of [repellent plants](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_repellent_plants) and [tree grafting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grafting).

The list of thing that modern society considers to be immoral has changed.
This guy gets it.
Where does it say the act of sodomy is a sin?
It's a hypothetical question. If it had been true, as a Christian, would the fact Christ was gay change your acceptance of the man or the message?
I personally believe you are born straight, gay, or bi so it's not a choice tho you can choose whether to act on it or not.
OK after delving into the pit of madness that is this guy's comment history I'm 95% positive he's just a troll. Thank God.
Oh, good point. Temptation is not a problem.
Homosexuality is indeed a sin and I say this for reasons which follow.  First off. If a man engages in homosexual sex with a man, as he would with a women,  That is a sin.   If a man even looks upon another with lust in his heart, be it man or women,  they have sinned in their hearts already.  

If a homosexual turns to God, repents and is born again; making him a new creation is Jesus.  He is no longer a homosexual but a new creation in Jesus Christ.  The old things have passed away and all things become new.  To continue to label oneself a homosexual after being born again, is to deny the new creation which God has created in them.

Sin is Sin 
and here is my post called " Yes, homosexuality is INDEED a sin"
--



The overwhelming evidence of Scripture says " yes."

Genesis 19 tells what happened when two angels appeared as men and went to the home of Lot, warning him to flee the city before God destroyed it.  Scripture says the homosexual men of the city came and demanded to have homosexual relations with Lot's guests.   Lot instead offered his daughters, but the gang of men demanded that Lot turn over his guests to their wicked designs.   God destroyed the city the next morning, judging "sodom" most severely.

In the Old Testament times, there was no question what God thought of homosexuality.  He commanded: " Do not lie with a man as one lies with a women. That is detestable." ( Leviticus 18:22 )

The penalty for violating that command was death

"If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads." ( Leviticus 20:13 )

In Romans 1:26-32, the apostle Paul makes it absolutely clear that homosexual behavior is a perversion. We're told in verse 26 that God gave the rebellious over to shameful lusts.  He then writes:

" In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women, and were inflamed with lust for one another.  Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion." ( Romans 1:27 )

Notice in the verse above that God's considers "natural relations" to be with women, not between humans of the same gender.

Finally, Scripture teaches that the practice of homosexuality will result in eternal condemnation, unless that person repents of it.
Make no mistake, homosexuality is not just another lifestyle

If you are engaged in this sin, or any sin, what should you do?

1. Believe and understand that God loves you and He came down from heaven to die for you.  He took your sins, and all sin upon Himself and paid your debt to God. 
2. Acknowledge that you are a sinner to God, confess and repent before God
3. Confess Gods saving grace upon you and turn from all sin.
4. Find a Pastor or lay minister who can counsel you and disciple you in truth and hold you accountable.
5. Do not return to your old lifestyle.
6. Read your Bible and Pray for wisdom to obey God.
I would look at the context of Leviticus, and the context of the epistles that refer to homosexuality, or the context of Matthew 19:4 "'Haven't you read,' he replied, 'that at the beginning the Creator 'made them male and female,'"

Absolutely. It would mean he wasn't the son of God. Since he was, it just couldn't happen.
Except if true things would have evolved very differently in the Christian church. So the hypothetical really makes no sense. 
Me too. That is why I am extremely happy with my boyfriend. 
>OK after delving into the pit of madness that is this guy's comment history I'm 95% positive he's just a troll. Thank God.

www.redditgraphs.com/?jombe
unbelievable lol
The point is that there is a big difference between having gay sex, or even lusting after other men, and being a man who is attracted to men rather than women.  All of what you quoted there relates to the sinful act of gay sex, which we do not disagree about.  

To think of it another way, before I was married, it was sinful for me to have any sort of sexual relations with anyone.  But was it sinful for me to be *attracted* to women?  Of course not!  And in the case of Jesus, the Bible says that he suffered every temptation, which must have included lust, which means he must have been attracted to women in order to face that temptation.  But despite being tempted, he did not sin.  

So I cannot agree that mere attraction to anyone is sinful, it's only one's response to that attraction that may become sinful.  A homosexual is a person who is attracted to the same sex. It is not necessarily someone who has sinful sex, and a mature Christian who has done all the things you outline will likely rely on God's strength to help him overcome the sexual temptations.  But just as God allowed Paul to continue having a thorn in his flesh to keep him reliant on God, I'm sure that many gay Christians are never freed from their homosexual attraction. 

As for the rest of what you said, I completely agree.


I think he is on the right track but didn't communicate it properly. The temptation of homosexuality is not a sin. You cannot control your temptations. The sin is when you act upon it. If you do not act upon it, you are not sinning. 
(I'm on your side, even if nobody else is!)
Yeah ... nice of you to forget the context:

> Some Pharisees came to him to test him. They asked, "Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife for any and every reason?" -- Matthew 19:3 
I don't think veritas quite gets the meaning of hypothetical...
Context supports my view: marriage is an institution established by God between a man and a woman.
Without context, your text becomes pretext. 
You don't seem to understand the meaning of gay, son of God, Christian, sin, or the whole idea of what Jesus was. 
Are you saying, that in your opinion, divorce is a sin ?

You have to also understand, that in modern society, marriage has nothing to do with religion and everything to do with terms like "visiting rights", "custody", "inheritance" and many others. 
oh I understand more than you think I do. You see, I use to be a serious fundamentalist christian like you, but of course you would probably say I was never a "true" christian. 


Yes, I don't believe Christians should divorce.

It would seem Matthew 19:4 is about divorce and not about homosexuality, which is what you were getting at. I agree that there are a lot of legal benefits granted to married people.
I simply think it is funny that you get to add your own ideas to a religion, yet, you still think that is the religion you believe. As it turns out, you are simply believing your own made up religion. You walk around with an air of condescension, but you do not know that is your downfall.
again, you mistake the meaning of a hypothetical question. No one is actually adding their own ideas to christianity, but simply asking a what if scenario. I think the problem is, is that you are afraid to even approach the very idea of it, or consider it.. I hope being close minded and scared treats your one and only life well.
What? That's like asking the hypothetical question, "Would you think Jesus is the son of God if he wasn't really the son of God?" It's a stupid question. Take all the energy you use for condescension and use that energy to educate yourself. 
well no again... Your hypothetical question "Would you think Jesus is the son of God if he wasn't really the son of God?" already gives us the answer, which is... **"he wasnt really the son of God"**, its self contradicting. OP's original question doesn't contradict itself and can have a different answer depending on who you are...
I'm sorry, I think I may be confused. Are you saying you are a Christian that believes Jesus was not the son of God?
You are fucking retarded. He sums up your statement in logical terms and you assume he is stating that Jesus was not the son of God? Go learn about logical arguments and then come back.
I love it when people here try to sound smart, it makes me feel so much better about myself. Thank you doughboy11, I was feeling down with finals, and you have tremendously helped restore the thought that there are still people I am far smarter than. Although, before you start doing anything (like voting) that may affect other people, you might want to take your own advice about learning logical arguments and you might also want to throw "learn to read" in there. Have a good one, and thanks again.

This made me want to throw up... :( i just... Ugh... All we can do is pray for people like this, eventually god will work in their lives.


This a very beautiful way of looking at this. I have alway thought when women feel they have to prove they are equal to males, that males have fail to respect the women. I have a very lovely wife and make it a point to tell her how much she means to me. I would not be the man I am with out her. I have much I could say but mostly I am glad to see some feels the way I do. Thanks for the post.
I'm sorry but this is bullshit.  This is 1950's misogyny superimposed on a story that is thousands of years old.  It is a textbook example of confirmation bias.  It is an affront to women and Christians.
This author is using Eisegesis to make the scriptures mean what he wants it to. The Bible does not speak to most of what he mentioned. This method of interpreting scripture is dangerous and wrong. This article only confuses the gospel message that all Christians should proclaim. 
WHy did god only work for 7 days. 
I mean what a lazy bastard. 
Works for 7 days then spends the rest of time. Doing nothing?

Based on what I understand of the actual Hebrew account in the Torah, the story is perpetuated in contemporary lore from a mistranslation. In Hebrew, the creation account of Eve uses the word for "side;" e.g. "created at the *side* of." Unfortunately, King James and those who would later follow mistook the word for "rib," and the exact meaning of the story was lost.

Incidentally, the word that was translated to mean "rib" only appears twice in the Torah; the first is in the account of Eve and the second is used in the description of a tabernacle. Now, call me silly, but I don't believe tabernacles have ribs...

I read the blog post and thought it was very interesting and very fun, but except for that (and I mean not to offend but as an honest question), I just wonder if this is the best use of your gifts? Or is the dictionary you are writing a thesis for a degree or is there a publisher who is interested in it? Please don't take this wrong I'm just asking.
Other words for Christians who come to church but don't actively participate are: *back-row Baptists, pew-warmers, pew potatoes (and church potatoes).* Anybody know any others?
guilty. have been for over 4 years now ever since i joined the Marine Corps. Every time i get a new duty station this happens. Now that mommy and daddy aren't going with me to church and i have to be a big boy and go by myself. Lukewarm Christianity. That's me and I fully acknowledge that.
That's a great question. I grew up Catholic and I started going to protestant churches in my 20s. I quickly realized that protestants talked about their faith using a lot of new words and phrases that I had never heard in the Catholic church. I found myself asking the question "what does that mean?" all the time. Sometimes, the person didn't even know what the word or phrase meant!

I want to help other people who might be in the same position I was---you want to understand what other Christians are saying, but you're not familiar with the lingo.

I don't want to reinvent the wheel. There are many words that are already defined in dictionaries. *Sin* is defined in nearly all dictionaries, as is *Trinity* and *salvation*. I am focusing on defining the slang words because they aren't in any dictionaries.

Some people don't really care about these words. They don't like to use them and they don't like when other people use them. I'm O.K. if some people don't want to use a dictionary of Christianese. Each person has to decide for themselves what they feel like they need.

But for people who want to learn what these words and phrases mean, then this dictionary is going to be a very helpful resource.

Regarding your question about publishing, I already have funding to produce 1,000 copies once the dictionary is written. The latest news about the publication date will always be available at [the website](http://www.dictionaryofchristianese.com/faq/#faqwhenforsale).

If you have any other questions, let me know...
Dead Weight Disciples 
Cool. Thanks!
So I've recently become fed-up with Reddit, mostly because all I hear about is atheism, sexism, drug abuse, sex, and ridiculing of people who don't share the same beliefs.  I was considering leaving Reddit because I was tired of being put down by this stuff.  I also felt very isolated because no one seemed to have similar beliefs.  So when I realized there was an r/Christian Reddit, I was overjoyed.  Thank you to whoever made this Reddit.  I just hope we get more than 122 readers.  :)
I just found it also. :) Though they say /Christianity is the popular one.
Hey, your post here was automatically sent to the spam filter for whatever arcane reason. Sorry about that. It's now approved. And, welcome.

I became moderator here a few months back when some trolls were using r/redditrequests to become mods of religious subreddits, and others, just to do what trolls do.

I plan on keeping this subreddit as a haven for Christians who want a place away from the things you mentioned.
I also just stumbled upon this. I have been a faithful Christian for 20 years, and baptized for 10 of those years. I enjoy going to reddit when I am bored, but the atheism is a bit overwhelming. I filtered it out, and still there are a lot of posts. I am happy to see that I am not alone out here on the interwebs.
SRSLY the same thing just happened to me and now I can't stop posting. The atheism wasn't bothering me so much as the 'people who believe in God are ignorant and dumb' stuff.

Although I wish /Christian peeps would post some funny pictures once in a while :P
I feel the same way.  Seeing r/atheism posts all the time really got me depressed.  I even have a morbid curiosity where I'll look at r/atheism and every post makes me feel bad about my beliefs or that Christianity is dying, or that we don't have enough brilliant minds working for us (think of all the prominent atheist scientists r/atheism posts about).  I could say the same about r/politics and the fact that I'm a conservative, but I digress.  It is nice to find people who share my beliefs, and I like even better that everyone here seems so calm about it and does not bash other groups of people like r/atheism does at times.
"and ridiculing of people who don't share the same beliefs."

I live in the US and I feel like I shouldn't have to point out the irony in the above statement when it is coming from a Christian.  
you guys are insane.
I literally just found this. I saw /r/adviceatheist and was disgusted how they actually hate us. They act as if we are all just trying to give them no chance than to believe. I'm not saying we shouldn't try, but we should not do it if we find they will not. Even my pastor hates those people. Also, they act as if we put no logic into our religion. I mean, really you can believe in the big bang yet still believe in God. You can put logic into Christianity just as easy as atheism. I personally like to try to follow the bible, but I could just as easily believe religiously in the big bang, theories of a miltiverse,and many other theories thought to be just atheistic. As for the big bang, just think of how precise our universe is built. If we just barely set the constant of gravity higher or lower by hardly anything, our whole universe would be nonexistent.  You can find God in everything. Wow, this is a long post; but I hope I made my point. 
oh okay :)
Hey thanks for retrieving my post.  I was wondering why it wasn't showing up.
I'm in a debate with an atheist right now.  He's calling me a "hippy" and saying I'm coming from "stoner philosophy".  He also told me to fuck off.
I'll try :D
I know... :(  I get saddened by it too, but I try to ignore the hateful comments.
I also live in the US, and there is identical irony when it comes from an atheist, or most group affiliates. 

In almost every system, there will be people who think/believe/"know" that they're right and you're wrong. 

Fortunately, every group I've chosen to be a part of and every stance I've taken is right. 
Then why are you here?
Yeah I know what you mean.  It's frustrating isn't it?  But we shouldn't hate.  God loves them as much as He loves us.  We should do the same.
r/Christianity has a lot more subscribers because this subreddit was practically in hibernation for a very long time, but r/Christianity has a lot of atheists trying to convince people to give up their faith, as well as atheists simply downvoting everything they can.

Someone even gave your post here a downvote. Don't count on much fairness from some people.
No, the irony I speak of comes from OP being a part the overwhelming majority in the US and whining because a silly website doesn't share the same majority.  This doesn't apply to atheists. 
just checking out the people who vote for my politicians.makes me sad to find out who they really are.
Sorry if I sounded as if I hated atheists. I don't... I forgot to mention that... I wasn't trying to sound hateful. Haha
That's horrible...
I kinda get what you're saying. It's just nice to have a site that you frequent have a board to discuss personally relevant interests. All in one place kind of deal. 

What exactly doesn't apply to atheists?
YOUR politicians?  If you vote for the same politicians as "us", does that not also make you insane?  
It's alright.  :)
unfortunately my politicians represent your ignorance 
So why do you follow these politicians then?  Does that not also make you ignorant?
1. It seems God created the earth first, THEN the sun. But science seems to say the opposite (albeit not by very much time). Is there an explanation for this discrepancy? 
2. If the sun is made on the fourth day with the other celestial bodies, then what is the light and darkness in day one?
3. What does it mean "Let there be an expanse between the waters to separate water from water."? (1:6)
4. Why does it say "he created him; male and female he created them" on the sixth day, then in chapter 2 say that Eve was created, implying that it was AFTER the seventh day?

Any help answering these questions would be great. Thanks guys.
Personally, I've never been against any scientific theories as we are more than capable of understanding how the universe around us works.  I find in my own personal beliefs that "the big bang" timeline of universe creation suits the description of genesis quite well and is sensible.  

Unbelievably intense light is the first product of the big bang as well as Genesis' first step. 

As for god creating the earth and the sun in that order, that's not all that implausible even in the realm of understood science.  Solar system formation comes from a disk of dust and gas that is held together by gravity.  The sun obviously formed in the center of said disk, but the initial fusion reaction of the sun and intense solar winds had to begin AFTER planetary formation otherwise most light gasses would be nonexistent in the inner solar system had the planets not already formed.

Number 2 also follows the line of delayed fusion as well as the remaining dust clouds covering the solar disk.  Possibly even the slowly fading, bright, visible background radiation from the big bang (which is still fading ever so slowly, but in the microwave frequency range now.)

My advice is for no one to outright deny science. It doesn't help to bring in nonbelievers if we Christians outwardly appear as a force halting the progress of all mankind, which sadly history paints us that way already.
I can answer number three. What that implies is the creation of continents. I'm not a Creationist, so I'm not sure about how to answer the others. My view is that the Creation story is a way early Jews explained how we got here.
1. The explanations I've heard basically say that either (a) it's just a reiteration of things that have already been done before or (b) they already existed and God simply made them visible.  For example there may have been such constant, heavy cloud cover that they couldn't have been seen before that point.

2. "Light" and "darkness" are something of a metaphor here, I believe, not just referring to real, "physical" electromagnetic waves.  But if the "cloud cover" idea from above is the answer then it would be that they were already created but it appeared as a diffused light on the Earth that couldn't be easily pinned down to a particular point in the sky.

3. This means the continents, yep.

4. Good question - this bugged me for a while too.  It's important to note that Genesis 2:4 on is an expansion on the sixth day from Genesis 1.  So Genesis 1 is a general sketch of the Creation and then Genesis 2 goes back and goes into more detail about the sixth day and the creation of mankind.
There are multiple creation accounts in the Bible. Besides the two in the first two chapters of Genesis you have just read there are others in Job, the Psalms and the Gospel of John. So Biblical creation literature is not all narrative, it is sometimes poetry, song and drama.

I mention this because it is easy to remember that a song is not usually sung to objectively and scientifically describe the physical processes of the universe. You can hear a religious song and think "Yeah, the person who wrote this was in awe of what they saw in the world and they thought it communicated something to them about their God."

Even though these opening chapters of Genesis are narrative, it doesn't mean that the authors' primary purposes were to objectively and scientifically describe the physical processes of the universe. In fact I'm pretty confident to say that the authors were not trying to do that.

Did you notice how ordered the first chapter was, with a rhythmic pattern of things happening, almost like a liturgy? 

The reasons these stories were written down was because the people who had been telling and retelling these stories for generations found them such a valuable way of describing something about their God and how they believed that God related to the world around them and themselves.

I could go into the possible reasons why the stories are written the way they are, but I don't think it will answer your questions as long as your questions remain - "why doesn't this match what I know of the physical universe?"

Try asking, "what do these stories tell me about the faith of the people who composed them?" Whether you share that faith or not, it can still be a interesting line of inquiry.

tl:dr This is a religious text, not a scientific text. Different questions might be in order.
I'm not a Christian, but I do read the bible often (I'm not sure why, I guess I'm just hoping I can work out my problems with some alleged contradictions one day) and I grew up in a Christian family. I was taught that if something doesn't seem to make sense, we are to be reminded that god created everything, including the laws of physics. If something doesn't make sense, we're talking about god here. God supposedly works outside of our understanding.
Those are some basic questions and inconsistencies that make the book of genesis so ridiculous.  
  
Until the sun was created, there was no way of knowing how long a "day" lasted and no form of measurement.  So how long did each of the first 3 days last?  Who knows.  Could have been millions or billions of years.  
  
Then all men were ancestors of Adam, Eve, Cain, Abel.  Where in the hell did everyone come from except Adam?  There is no description for the source of Eve, Cain, Abel or Abel's wife.  Further, that would imply that there was incest from the beginning of time which is also a sin.  
  
Absolute nonsense.
Re: 1 & 2

God was the source of light until he created the sun.
#3: I don't think it is talking about the continents....I think it is talking about an expanse of water on the earth and an expanse of water in the sky.....(which later comes crashing down to flood the whole earth in Genesis 6)....It talks about there being a massive expanse of water in the sky (probably in the atmosphere or something like that) which breaks and falls on the earth to cause the flood.  This is why Christians don't believe that Carbon-14 dating is accurate (as it says the earth is billions of years old) because for Carbon-14 dating to be correct, it makes the assumption that the levels of carbon in the atmosphere have remained the same the entire time, but if there used to be a giant expanse of water in the sky, then those carbon levels would have certainly been different and changed dramatically after the flood
Wait, what!? The bible has logical inconsistencies?!? WHat?!?!
1. Science can be wrong.  (I know this is a lame answer, but I don't have much better than that at the moment)
2.  Think of it this way, he created the light without a source and then gave it a source later.
3. This is actually referring to creating the atmosphere around the earth.  At this point land hasn't surfaced/been created yet (depending on how you interpret it).  In some translations it specifically states "to separate the waters of the heavens/sky from the waters of the earth."
4. smilingkevin nailed this one.

I'd suggest finding an easy to understand translation to help you understand better.  It's even better if you read a few.  I suggest ESV, NLT and The Message (every now and then).
I believe that the Bible is the inspired word of God, but within that there's room for different genres. Based on a lot of things, not least the style of writing that the Hebrew uses (and good English translation pick up on), I don't think the first few chapters of Genesis are meant to be taken as natural history. The group of people these scriptures were written to weren't particularly concerned with the actual timeline of creation. Instead, I believe that these passages are written in order to communicate things about God and humanity. God's sovereignty, his commission of mankind to be stewards of creation, the day of rest, the fall of man, and so on. 

One of the interesting commonalities between the New Atheists and fundamentalist Christians is that they overlook these key themes and instead read a post-Enlightenment viewpoint into an ancient Hebrew writing.
You didnt start with Genesis did you? O-o 
Your questions are valid! And you people answering them? Not so valid. The OP has posed questions in which the bible contradicts itself and has no answers to why. You are regular human beings providing answers that you made up to make yourself feel more secure about what the bible states and believing it even though you have to fill in the gaps yourself? The bible contradicts itself. Your silly answers are not logical and YOU made them up, to excuse the fact God does not have the answers. Why do you all insist on being so blind when your God left you that way? 'He' did not provide the answers and his disciples and the gospels whom he told to spread the word, are completely inaccurate. The times this story book was written really reflects its context. Science back then was not prevalent in a way like today. This book was used to explains things they couldn't explain back then. We have that information now where we don't have to fill in those gaps we are man smart enough to recognize a big flaw an mistake when we see one.  
1.  The earth revolves around the sun. Science has given substantial evidence the sun is millions years older than the earth. (how do Christians believe that the earth is only 6000 yrs old? And if you don't, why do you still think your book is true)
2. You proved a mistake in the documentation and that is all. Question it dot provide an unlogical answer. 
3. The continents weren't always the way they are now. They were once Panjea(sp?) and they are still currently moving. I don't know what I'm getting at but how does that explain the continents at all? Six thousand years ago was definitely not the beginning of the big land masses. 
4. Hmm. Maybe your bible has the answers to explain that. But all I see are contradictions.
I completely agree.  I believe that the science is true and that Genesis is true.  How the heck those two are reconciled I have no idea, but I can only assume that they must somehow be so.
So ''God'' Created our solar system after 9 billions years after the big bang ? Why ? 
I'm fairly certain this is incorrect, as this was happening on the second day. The third day is when dry ground, or continents, appeared. That's what confused me, as what happened on the second day was clearly referring to something else. 
continents is a bad answer, because they do about jack all to separate water, just fyi. It is more likely that it is talkign about the atmosphere to separate the waters above (i.e. clouds and such) from the water  below. 

I have heard (and dont believe)what i consider to be a crazy theory that there was actually a layer of ice around the globe supported by the earth's magnetic field, that this is referencing too. This ice was also the source of the flood waters. 
Great catch on 4. "This is the account of the heavens and the earth WHEN they were created." (2:4) Thanks a lot.
I own a King James, an NIV, and a Message version, which is nice to look between the different versions. NIV is my personal preference, but in any of them Genesis gets really tricky. I'm doing another read through of the Bible chapter by chapter, so I will likely be posting a lot of questions in the coming months. 

Also, thank you for your answer to question 3, this makes some sense. 

One idea I've been toying with for number 2 is light as a metaphor for God's presence. It specifically says that he "saw that the light was good," (1:4) and then goes on to differentiate it from the darkness, or evil or lack of God, however you want to assign that portion of the metaphor. I like that idea a lot, except it might not stand up once he starts referring to them as day and night. What do you think of this idea?
You're absolutely right about 3, sorry, I should have been paying more attention.
I have read the whole Bible before, but never in chronological order. So on this read through I'm trying that. So in that sense, yes, I started with Genesis. Why?
I like this idea - certainly as soon as you have the idea of being in God's presence you must also accept that there is the absence of it as well.  While it also might mean the literal day and night, I'm sure that it's also at least a metaphor for good and evil (which you rightly equate to lack of God).  Especially with 2 Peter 1:19 - "We also have the prophetic message as something completely reliable, and you will do well to pay attention to it, as to a light shining in a dark place, until the day dawns and the morning star rises in your hearts."
http://vimeo.com/11692920

Here's a video of Rob Bell, one of the most controversial pastors of our time.  He's also one of the most intelligent pastors of our time.  I don't agree with everything he has said or believes, but this video is absolutely stunning.  A lot of what he talks about is creation, and it's quite mind boggling.
No worries, some translations aren't as clear.  :D
Do you mean Chronological (time) order or Canonical (table of contents) order?
The books of the Bible in the usual table of contents are not arranged in the order they were written, nor in the order of the time when the things they were written about are set.
Keeping this in mind can save confusion later.
As long as you read it before. lol. Many people new to faith or who have never read it end up being drawn away from the bible through starting with page 1. 
Yeah I've watched this one before, and it's absolutely fascinating. I would recommend it for any Christian.
My friend was just in a car wreck about an hour ago. He is a diabetic and his blood sugar dropped and he passed out. He was air lifted to UAB hospital where he is currently in critical condition. He has a wedding this weekend that I was to be a grooms man in. Please pray for his recovery and for strength for his family and fiance. His name is Mike Lawless. Thank you r/christianity. 

EDIT:  /r/Christian  sorry guys, I created this link from my droid. Did not mean to tag you all wrong!
Just got word that my bud is going to be ok! They stabilized his blood sugar and the surgeon looked him over and said he will be ok. Thank you for all your prayers!

Just so you know, you posted this on /r/Christian. Not /r/Christianity.


Romans 12: 21
“Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.”

This passage from Paul requires action on our part! No longer can we be complacent, no longer can we say, “I just don’t want to get involved.” If we are soldiers of the cross then we need to act like we are soldiers of the cross. Not passive, no apprehensive but confident bold, strong. God told Joshua when he was to take over for Moses as leader, to be strong and very courageous (Joshua 1:7). So, you are the leader of your own surroundings, so I say, “Be strong and very courageous and over come evil with Good in your home, at your work, with your leisure time.” Let the Evil one know you are in the house and he needs to vacate. Today, be bold, overcome evil with good


Stay in grace in all things, be the lion and the lamb. It's very easy to cross over to finger pointing and accusing in the name of exposing or being bold. I am that way with legalist/false gospel though I don't have much patience with it. Other than that crowd we should have grace with people without compromising the truth of the Gospel. 
The Lord is a Man of War.  (Exodus 15:3)(Isaiah 42:13)(Matthew 10:34-39)  

God's Love is sacrificial.  (John 15:13)  

I grew up in a Non-Denominational Church.  I didn't know who God was.  I learned a lot about God's love and grace.  There is another side to God that is often overlooked.  Many Churches change the character of Christ and have a Post Modern Mush god.  God is hard.  

God is Love.  God's love is sacrificial.  Understanding and accepting this as I studied my Bible and prayed really helped me find God, and learn to talk to him.  




To tolerate something is to allow it, to give ground to something that in itself is still somewhat not allowed. Whether behaviour, word, or idea the thing is opposite to what you stand for, but for some reason it is not stopped. Toleration is the opposite of groundedness in belief or personal stance upon a set rule standard. 

When it comes to sin, bad behaviour, or breaking the rules of God one cannot contradict God's rules by ultimately saying "*oh but it's not that bad*". This is literally saying that God is being too strict and we know better than God, and that our minds, our thoughts, our reasoning, our rules are better than and of better standard than God's.

* **Isaiah 59:2**) "*But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.*"

He will not hear it and will not stand for it. He must judge sin because He is absolutely pure and holy and just, and He will not tolerate sin. He condemns it, judges it, hates it and is angry with the wicked every day.

The wages of sin is death, and the wages are declared by the Law, and the Law is absolute. The whole of Scripture does not give any teaching or allowance for Tolerance, the idea or teaching of tolerating is "*giving ground to a thing*" or "*creating an air of non-seriousness to sin*" and thus the absolute justice of Law must be carried out.

Ultimately the idea of Toleration is a lie of the devil, because the very first lie ever told was one of giving the idea of becoming a god of our own to know the difference between Good and Evil better than God. This is Toleration, knowing better ourselves how a thing should be done and not God. 

Yes we are no longer under the Law, but we are still held to the standard of sin as God sees it, it must be punished and thus we are chastised when we sin. God still judges and condemns sin, we cannot be condemned when saved, but we can still be even severely punished.

* **1Corinthians 5:5-6**) "*To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus. Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?*"

But in this we see a bigger picture of Christ, the New Testament in His Blood, the New Covenant of Grace and Forgiveness. But still, there is no toleration with God, He cannot allow sin to go unpunished, but we find salvation, mercy, and forgiveness in Christ. 

The Law is still upheld by God and enforced by Him - 

* **Psalms 7:11**) "*God judgeth the righteous, and God is angry with the wicked every day.*" 

* **Psalms 5:5**) "*The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of iniquity.*" 

But we have mercy in that we no longer are required to have to follow Law because of Christ, we follow the Gospel of forgiveness, not the teaching of Atonement for sin. Christ is our Atonement and no longer our keeping law or sacrificing lambs for example. 

However before Christ came, they had to suffer the consequences, keep the laws, give the sacrifices, and atone for their own error. And Christ did all that for us on the Cross, because the wages demanded death, because sin demands death because all die because of it, and therefore the Law was the ultimate consequence of sin and became the Law of death to pay the price for the sin of mankind. 

But for us there is a hope, a mercy from Christ in His New Covenant, a teaching of our repentance being atoned by Christ to the Father through our repentant hearts.

* **1John 2:1-3**) "*My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous: And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world. And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments.*"

How does one receive forgiveness and have Christ be our advocate? Not by tolerating sin but by repenting of it and turning from it. A sincere and repentant heart will God forgive -

* **2 Chronicles 7:14**) "*If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.*" 

* **1John 1:6-10**) "*If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth: But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.*"

Toleration is a deceit taught by the devil, it is a doctrine of devils that teaches that sin is not as bad as God makes it out to be. So many Christians are caught up in hiding their sins, not recognizing something as sin, or not repenting of sinful actions because they honestly do not see it as something bad, because of the indoctrination of Toleration.

Tolerating sin will only corrupt the heart and mind and cause one to be drawn away from God's grace, because God cannot and will not bless a life that harbors sin. He will only bless an upright and repentant heart and life. Rid therefore your life of all sin, repent of any form of Toleration and stand firmly upon the truth and grounded stance of God's commandments of behaviour and living. We will find grace and mercy and forgiveness in Christ, and He will wash us clean and aright a renewed spirit within us.

Reject the modern belief of Toleration, stand firmly upon what you know is the Truth and refuse to waver in your conscience. Knowing what is right and refusing to do it will only seek to corrupt and defile ones own faith, it will make your judgments unstable and ungrounded, and allowing yourself even once to waver in judgement will cause your ability to stand fall apart.

* **James 1:8**) "*A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.*" 

* **1Thessalonians 5:21-23**) "*Prove all things; hold fast that which is good. Abstain from all appearance of evil. And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.*" 

And not only is this in relation to sin, but also to false teachings and corrupted Gospels. The teaching of tolerating the behaviors of others is wrong. We are not to tolerate the actions or words, we are to reprove or rebuke with the Word of God. We are not to judge the person, God is the Judge and will judge the heart and the man, but we are given authority to judge the word or action or false teaching.

* **John 7:24**) "*Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.*"

Judging Righteous Judgment is rebuking false teaching or sinful action through and by the Word of God. So many say "*oh but judge not lest ye be judged, we are not to judge other people*" yes this is true, but we can judge what they do and what they say. It's like how we can hate thievery but we cannot hate the thief. Mankind was made in the image of God and He will judge the man, but we have been given authority by God to judge righteously in condemning the sinful actions and words and to correct them more perfectly in the ways of God's teachings and commandments. 

No allowance is given in all Scripture to tolerate anything, we must be grounded upon our beliefs and be yes or no, not maybe.

* **Matthew 5:37**) "*But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.*" 

***Toleration is evil, because it is more than yes or no.***

-----------------------------

~God Bless
Somewhere sometime liberals have taught you to think "tolerance" is a good thing, but it isnt. If you notice, liberals demand tolerance of everything they want and they themselves do not tolerate ANYTHING contrary to what they believe. They require everyone to adjust their own behaviors to and or accept what liberals prefer and if they dont- liberals label EVERYTHING contrary to their own preference "intolerance". 
This is honestly the most inane thing I hear in the political sphere. We are supposed to be intolerant of intolerance because intolerance is unacceptable, therefore we are supposed to be intolerant of it. Because we are tolerant, by being intolerant. What?

Realistically, there are some things that we are supposed to be intolerant towards. Tolerance isn't a blanket virtue.
Probably mercy and patience. 
What gave you the impression God supports tolerance? God is intolerant Himself. Tolerance is not a good thing.

This is a touchy one with many controversial aspects, however the Scriptures are very clear on this. 

First and foremost before all this, there **MUST BE** a belief in Christ and a repentance of sins. If they did not accept Christ then they are not saved. If they only "*Know*" Christ but never believed on Him and repented, then they are not saved. If they accepted Christ Jesus in full acceptance in faith believing, knowing who He is and what He has done, confessed with their mouth the Lord Jesus of their belief on Him, and repented of their sins and followed Him, then yes they are saved. 

Now if after that, there seems to be a "*cooling off*" after a while, and they eventually get drawn back into old ways. This is what is commonly known as "*Backsliding*", being drawn back into the world like Demas who served the Apostle Paul - 

* **2Timothy 4:10**) "*For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world...*"

However Demas was saved, and we even see once again Demas even returning to Paul - 

* **Philemon 1:24**) "*Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.*"

We must understand that true Salvation is permanent, we live by Grace and Faith and not by maintenance of Salvation and Works.  

* **Hebrews 10:38**) "*Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.*"

but if any man draw back the Lord will not have "*pleasure*" in them, this does not mean "*they're unsaved or lose their salvation*" it means the Lord will be grieved with their actions. But as it continues to say, we are of those to the saving of the soul (because the flesh cannot be saved because of the corruption of sin). The soul is saved to life eternal, the flesh is condemned to die. So if one draws back into sin even though they do or did believe, they will still be saved but the Lord will not take pleasure in them due to their apathy, ignorance, disregard, or sinful temptations. 

This is also touched on in 1 Corinthians - 

* **1Corinthians 5:5**) "*To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus. Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?*" 

The soul will be saved even though they have been handed over to the devil because of their continuous sin. A Christian that rebels against God will result in God removing His hand of blessing and protection from them, this will allow the devils to come in and ruin them, even to the point of destruction of their lives and flesh, however their soul is still saved. 

This is the mercy and grace of God, and the proof of God's salvation that regardless what we do we cannot lose our salvation. IF, and I say **IF** we have sincerely believed on the Lord Jesus Christ for our Salvation in true repentance of our Sins in the first place, then yes we are still saved and cannot be removed from the Fathers hand. We become as a prodigal son, wandering away in mire with the pigs, but even in that we still are the sons and daughters of a Father that longs to have us return to Him.  

If we have wandered like the Prodigal Son, we can always return by the Grace of Christ into forgiveness and cleansing by the promise of - 

* **1 John 1:9**) "*If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.*"

So if you have doubts about yourself or others, ask yourself this - 

Do you (*or they*) believe Christ Jesus is the Lord?
---------

* **1Corinthians 12:3**) "*Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.*"

Nobody can say that Christ Jesus is Lord and believe in it and not be a saved individual, this is what the Holy Word of God says. If they cannot say this in belief then they are not saved.

So overall, don't be too quick to pass judgment in who is saved and who isn't, because you don't know nor can you see the hearts of men.

~God Bless
This has been a subject of interest to me for many years. My belief or understanding is based on the repentance part that is so ofteb overlooked. Accepting that Jesus Christ died on the cross to pay for our sins and confessing that belief is certainly part of salvation but many just say the words "and repent" as a continuation of the confession of faith without truly understanding the depth of true repentance. 

To repent of your sins means to turn away from them. I grew up going to church and was never really taught the importance of this. We are too often relaxed in our quest to plant the seed of salvation and we fail to instruct the "new child" as he/she begins the journey. In order to repent, we must acknowledge our sins and make a concious and consistent effort to eliminate those sins from our day to day lives. 

Again, this is just my two cents but if you are not confessing your sins and putting forth a devoted effort thru prayer and self-awareness and control then perhaps you will.be one that He says He never knew. Could i be wrong? Sure. I don't profess to be all-knowing. However, i'd rather live.in this manner with this understanding then take my chances on believing otherwise so i can be more comfortable living in sin and "married" to this world. 

If you have doubts and want answers, read that little manual we Christians refer to as the Bible. Seek answers from God Himself and allow Him to clear up the fog. Nevertheless, may God bless each one of you seeking answers to this much-debated subject.  
What do mean by backsliding-- into sin, or into disbelief/rejection of God? I tend to think most cases are people who were never saved to begin with. Probably said "magic words" prayers to appease someone else or as "fire insurance", but didn't actually relent and believe. 
My issue with the "once saved, always saved" theology is that it seems to miss an important point: is it possible to lose the condition of salvation? Now Calvinists say that we are saved unconditionally; I respectfully disagree. God has placed a condition on who will be saved: those who believe in Christ. Therefore, if one were to stop believing in Christ, they would remove themselves (not be removed, important distinction) from the "saved" category. This is entirely consistent with not being able to "lose" your salvation through any act of evil, and with God stating unequivocally that "none can snatch them from my hand", because the removal is neither a punishment nor the result of an external force.
Nobody is saved until they die in a state of grace.
Did they really know Jesus in the first place?  Many know of God.  They do not know God.  Knowledge of God brings Fear of God.  No Fear of God?  They don't know God.   God's love is Fatherly.  Most would work to do things that are pleasing to their dad, and not things that bring disappointment and rebuke?  God is Holy and Separate from sin.  He has a mighty Thumos or Righteous Anger.  Someone falling into sin may end up experiencing God's Rod of Misery.  (Deuteronomy 8:5)  

>because you don't know nor can you see the hearts of men.

God tests your heart.  Spirits effect someone's motivations.  How is someone motivated?  

(Not directed to anyone in-particular.)

Why is a Pastor or a Rabbi a Pastor or a Rabbi?  Being a Pastor can be a position of influence and power.  Is someone a Pastor for that?  Being a Pastor, a man can make a lot of money potentially.  Is he a Pastor for that?  His dad wanted him to be a Pastor.  Is he a Pastor for that reason?  

Did God call him to be a Pastor?  Is he of The Spirit of God?  Spirits effect motivations.  God tests your heart.  What is in a man's heart?  

I don't know.  God knows.  I talk to God.  

Regarding this, I wrote a message on [the importance of repentance](https://www.reddit.com/r/christiancoffeetime/comments/6afjp8/_/)
I agree with you, but I believe that when you do repent and turn your life around, this should bring with it joy and freedom. The way you describe it, it seems like you are forcing yourself to live an upright life "just in case" it is necessary for salvation. That's not how we should feel. The things God has identified as sin are sinful because they harm us, harm others, or make the world a worse place. Living without sin should lead us to a more joy-filled, abundant life. Our desire to live a sanctified life should flow from our love of God and the transformation he is doing in our lives.

If we find ourselves thinking of sanctification as if it is a process of denying ourselves pleasure rather than a process of being freed from the things that were harming us and dragging us down, it may indicate that our view of God and sin needs a slight re-adjustment.
It can be either of the 3, but here's the thing is that it completely depends on their first reaction to Christ after they get saved. For example if they are fired up for the Lord or for the Lord's things, you can tell that it wasn't just a thing they did to get rid of that annoying evangelist. If there's fruit you will know them, and it's that fruit that can give discernment of them. But again it can be tough to tell, in the end only God can know 100% who is.
The "once saved always saved" doctrine is not a Calvinist doctrine. Calvinism teaches that only those who believe and persevere until the end are saved. The unconditional election Calvinists speak of means that God pre-destined certain people for salvation; if you are among those who are predestined (which they  refer to as "the elect"), you will believe and God will empower you to persevere. A Calvinist would agree with you that someone who stopped believing in Christ is not saved, they would just talk about it differently. They would say that, although the person may have at one time appeared to be among the elect, the fact they did not persevere proves they actually weren't; thus they were never saved to begin with.
That's an interesting idea. I feel like the Scriptures go out of their way to assure people of their salvation in a present (or even past) tense. I'm thinking particularly of First John, though my 7am brain isn't coming up with anything else. I certainly understand the idea that one may abandon their salvation and so we shouldn't view it as something secure and complete, but to say that you and I (with the exception of my Protestantism since I know you take issue but we're not debating that) are not saved and in a state of grace before God seems to go against the Christian tradition.
The Bible disagrees with you, the great preacher Charles Spurgeon [will explain - ](https://youtu.be/nLQuh3ZrM1A)
> *(Not directed to anyone in-particular.)
Why is a Pastor or a Rabbi a Pastor or a Rabbi? Being a Pastor can be a position of influence and power. Is someone a Pastor for that? Being a Pastor, a man can make a lot of money potentially. Is he a Pastor for that? His dad wanted him to be a Pastor. Is he a Pastor for that reason?
Did God call him to be a Pastor? Is he of The Spirit of God? Spirits effect motivations. God tests your heart. What is in a man's heart?*

I'm sorry I don't understand your point here? 

> Knowledge of God brings Fear of God

No, not always, knowledge of God that is not a "respectful knowledge of" will not bring fear, respect and honor of the Lord will bring a fearful looking to of Him. 

> God tests your heart. Spirits effect someone's motivations. How is someone motivated?

Motivation can be either of God, your own will and self, or of influence of the enemy. 








Read and appreciate your insight as well as scriptural reference. The emphasis on "turning away from sin" is one that ought to be focused on more in our churches and communities. As we grow in our fellowship and relationship to our heavenly Father, turning from our sins should become easier if our bond is sincere because the moral compass that God provides will help to release us from our "desires" to continue partaking in sin. I am a smoker of cigarettes and I find this sinful. Lustful desires and speaking ungodly about others are also sins that I struggle to overcome. I earnestly pray to not only eliminate the urge to commit these sins but to also have other sins made aware to me as i pursue a sinless life. I understand it is not in my nature to achieve this sinless.life but I believe God intends for us to always strive to live that life. Knowing our hearts and minds and souls, He is aware of those who desperately seek to please Him. I am far from perfect myself. I only hope to achieve knowledge and understanding as I grow in faith. I still consider myself a "child" in my studies and worship but I certainly hope to one day make it to adulthood someday. 
well i appreciate your opinion and response but i assure you my heart is filled with the utmost desire to eliminate sin from my life. in my case its not "just in case" its because my belief is that we MUST be repentant in order to please and serve God. My "just in case" appeal is more to those who do question the once saved always saved ideaology. I take pleasure in soaking up the Lord. Joy and freedom are very much alive within me because of my fellowship with Him. My trials and tribulations are no larger than anyone else but I have bee through many struggles. I battled through a childhood of feeling severly neglected and this led to a pattern of behavior as an adult that led me down many wrong paths. I take responsibility for my actions and do not blame others for the experiences in my life. In the end, it was God who rescued me and opened my eyes to the fact that He will never neglect me and with Him I always have someone who cares far more than anyone in the flesh ever will. I owe a tremendous amount to Him for His love, grace, mercy and ultimately for His gift of salvation. Please take no offense to any of these comments. I am certainly not trying to be defensive. I just want to say that my reasons for living as I do are completely by choice because I love the Lord. It is my hope to fulfill His plan for my life whatever that may be. I desire to seek and trust in Him in all things. 
To add to that, I do not feel that the sins I have listed would be denying myself pleasure in any way if i were to eliminate them from my life. Quite the contrary actually. I feel guilt as a result of each of them and pray to overcome them with each passing day. I make excuses for the smoking and that too causes me a good deal of anxiety. I know God can and will help me to.overcome the habit but I have not been able to give it to Him in faith that He will release me. I'm far from perfect and know that I should give it to Him. I cant even pretend there is a reason why. 
For what it's worth, I've met more than a few Calvinists who hold to this "alpha" or "once saved always saved" theology (and not your average off the street Calvinist; people who think about it). I'm definitely familiar with the doctrines you're talking about, and have also met many Calvinists who believe that way (never saved to begin with). 
SECTION | CONTENT
:--|:--
Title | Charles Spurgeon Sermon - Assurance of our Salvation
Description | A large video collection of classic hymns, contemporary Praise and Worship songs, and the works (audio books, devotional readings, and sermons) of men greatly used of God, such as: Charles Spurgeon, Jonathan Edwards, A.W. Tozer, A.W. Pink, John Owen, Oswald Chambers, Andrew Murray, E.M. Bounds, John Bunyan, George Whitefield, and many more, covering topics on many aspects of the Christian life. May your time spent here be blessed.  http://vid.io/x3F Charles Spurgeon Sermon - Assurance of our Sal...
Length | 0:47:55

 

 
 
 
****
 
^(I am a bot, this is an auto-generated reply | )^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/u/video_descriptionbot) ^| ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=video_descriptionbot&subject=Feedback) ^| ^(Reply STOP to opt out permanently)
No, you mean the heretic Charles Spurgeon disagrees with me.
In a Jewish Community, being a Rabbi is a position of prestige and power.  In the Black Community being a Pastor is often a position of prestige and power.  In 1000 AD, a noble family may send a son into the Church to becomes a Bishop, the Church being a land owner, this is or was a position of prestige and power.  

What was in that man's heart?  Want and greed and desire for power?  Love of God, and desire to do God's will and serve The Lord?  God tests your heart.  

God has tested my heart.  I was stripped and conditioned.  My will was brought low so that my will aligned with God's will and plan for me greatly.  When my calling started I was at a point in my life were I was a blank slate to a large degree.  I was willing to listen and follow directions.  I didn't have many hangups, in terms of false beliefs, or biases that God needed to strip from me.  



I wonder why they consider themselves Calvinists then if they don't actually believe the teachings of Calvin. Perseverance of the Saints is one of the five core principles of Calvinism and it isn't one of the principles people tend to have a problem with.

I have encountered people who thought they were Calvinists and believed once saved always saved doctrine as well. But they weren't the kind of people you described (knowledgeable people who have actually studied this).
Ya, sure, ok, Charles Spurgeon the great protestant preacher who is nicknamed the Prince of Preachers is a heretic. One of the greatest preachers of Christ's Gospel and God's Holy Word disagrees with you and you say he's wrong, that just shows how deluded you really are. If you want to call someone a heretic you should look in a mirror bud.
I mean there are lots of Calvinists who don't believe in divine determinism, but that's what Calvin taught. I guess people think as long as they hold to the defining characteristics of his teaching they can still broadly call themselves under his banner. I dunno.
He's going to say that he's a heretic because he's a protestant. luke-jr is a virtually militant catholic. Unless you want to debate the only-catholics position, I suggest you bring evidence either from a catholic teacher, straight from the scripture, or from an early church father.
I don't know if you heard but pray for the people of Venezuela 
I haven't heard anything recent, except that their government has been collapsing for months because of the failure of socialism. Was there a new development?
Prayers sent :)
At the same time, give thanks you don't have Bernie as president (Sanders said a couple of years ago that "the American dream" is now better realized in places like Venezuela, and is now under FBI investigation for bank fraud, something you didn't hear from CNN).
Yes this is from last night. Venezuela hunts rogue helicopter attackers, Maduro foes smell rat. It was Yahoo.com

I have a question and an Arabic Cristian could help me.

EDIT: It's about the language
Greetings brother! You may have more luck looking a a Chaldean subreddit if someone doesn't come along to answer your question! They identify as Catholic, which differs on a lot of doctrine but I have no doubt the people love the lord Jesus Christ.
I am an Arab Christian but was born and raised in the U.S. 
Yeah I can speak and understand it for the most part. Can't read or write it though. 
Are you sure they speak Arabic? Their language is Aramaic.
Yet the Lord said God has no partiality and you cannot be lukewarm, sure he loves them, he loves even the lowest sinner, but that doesn't get you into the kingdom of heaven, and we should be saying that to our brothers in need of information, instead of sending them off to the heretics so he may be brainwashed next, is that your commandment from god, brother?
Do you speak Arabic?
Then you should learn it. 😁
The body of Christ has many different members, the thumb shouldn't tell the eye how see see, nor the knee tell the spine to bend. I believe the catholic hierarchy are as you say heretics, however I firmly believe the people who dwell in there churches are born again lovers of the lord. Catholic believers are not lukewarm concerning the deity of Christ. Nor are they akin to the church of Leodocia. I don't divide as men do the house of god by there individual doctrinal positions of the mysteries of God. Salvation is not doctrine, Salvation is a person. That person being Jesus Christ, if I am unable to help a man who speaks in a different tongue and a catholic speaks it and can save them, should he go thirsty over the difference of the letter? wherein it is written "The Letter killeth but the spirit giveth life?" Do the Catholics also not take the Romans road? I'm wary in judging a congregation that bears the name of the lord, God forbid that my tabernacle is judged in kind. The lost will work out doctrine in the latter years of their spirit but there are many strange wells that contain living water. Therefore If they bear the name of the lord Jesus Christ send them there and save his soul, and trust god to give him the mysteries that god will give him.
They are lukewarm in his commandments, period.

Hail mary, calling the Pope holy father, reading false doctrine squeezed in by the Romans, if anyone add to or remove from this book, let them be cursed.

I'm quoting scripture, I do not allow my feelings to push true scripture out of the way, for my own personal doctrine.
Do you not know that God weighs the motives of the heart. That Abraham believed and it was counted to him for rightiousness? The catholic believers have not added or removed from the book. The Catholic believers have been born raised and ministered unto by those who have read impaired doctrine. Any heathen can quote scripture, Satan himself quoted scripture to Jesus. The Catholics have herisies, and there herisies are at the top of there church to where we say look behold on high the sin of the Catholics how great is there inquity! When we cannot see the adders at our own feet and are guilty of the same. Is it so easy for you to curse people who believe on the lord for is it not written those who believe on Jesus Christ shall not perish but have eternal life? I dare not cast stones at children of God, or judge there inquity as if I were good, for surely then would I be worthy of the wrath of God. I cannot justify nor condem them, I am but dust and Ash. I do not condemn the lost for I was condemned and lost. Will God condemn the servents for the sins of there masters? Can you speak on this, do you know the mind of God? I do not justify there traditions, or there sins but we have we not sinned greater as individuals? He that curses will keep cursing. You may choose to keep your mind higher and holier then though. For it seems to me as I grow in the spirit brother that he that utters curses is cursed and he that utters blessings is surely blessed. I fear the wrath of the almighty, and our Lord I will remain humble in my judgements. Quoting scripture is easy, yet we have all been hot and cold, and all been lukewarm. Is God not witness to our very words written or spoken and the spirit of condemnation one to be propitiated among mere men? There is a promise that he would hath the son will have life, and he who hath the son do I not dare to judge.
Proverbs 16

1The preparations of the heart in man, and the answer of the tongue, is from the LORD.

2All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes; but the LORD weigheth the spirits.

3Commit thy works unto the LORD, and thy thoughts shall be established.

4The LORD hath made all things for himself: yea, even the wicked for the day of evil.

5Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD: though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished.

6By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil.

7When a man's ways please the LORD, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him.

8Better is a little with righteousness than great revenues without right.

9A man's heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his steps.

10A divine sentence is in the lips of the king: his mouth transgresseth not in judgment.

11A just weight and balance are the LORD'S: all the weights of the bag are his work.

12It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness.

13Righteous lips are the delight of kings; and they love him that speaketh right.

14The wrath of a king is as messengers of death: but a wise man will pacify it.

15In the light of the king's countenance is life; and his favour is as a cloud of the latter rain.

16How much better is it to get wisdom than gold! and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!

17The highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth his soul.

18Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.

19Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.

20He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good: and whoso trusteth in the LORD, happy is he.

21The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning.

22Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly.

23The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips.

24Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.

25There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.

26He that laboureth laboureth for himself; for his mouth craveth it of him.

27An ungodly man diggeth up evil: and in his lips there is as a burning fire.

28A froward man soweth strife: and a whisperer separateth chief friends.

29A violent man enticeth his neighbour, and leadeth him into the way that is not good.

30He shutteth his eyes to devise froward things: moving his lips he bringeth evil to pass.

31The hoary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness.

32He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.

33The lot is cast into the lap; but the whole disposing thereof is of the LORD.

King James Bible
So what do you think, does it exist or not? Just curious. Im not a man of any religion, but I do believe that christianophobia exist.
Define Christophobia/christianophobia?

(I would suggest the word should be Christophobia, because it's Islamophobia, not Muslimophobia)
Of course there are people who are afraid of christians,not that I get why.
In some muslim nations, it clearly does. But not in the US. At least not to any meaningful degree (there's always a few nutjobs).
Yep, [it exists](https://imgur.com/gallery/6wGIk). So far in 50 countries Christianity is either persecuted or straight up illegal
Whats there to define? Everyone seems an expert on islamophobia, but the word christophobia/christianophobia is like "saywhaaaat?".
On the contrary, I find many people have great difficulty telling me what Islamophobia actually means.

If what you're getting at is "Islamophobia, with every instance of Islam replaced with Christianity and their respective equivalents", then yeah I guess it exists, but I don't think it exists in a super meaningful way in north america. I think the way people who are hostile to Christianity treat it is quite different to the way people who are hostile to Islam treat that.
Stupid prayer works new internet sites are not working for me. I just feel alone. I know I may be making things out to be worse than they are. It's me again the 8 month pregnant girl. My husband and I finally had a long talk last night and had some good come from it. But now I still find myself afraid of him. He just seems to get irritated with me. I feel like I'm walking on egg shells all the time. I just want to go home. I want to go smoke and I'm so close to doing it I haven't in almost a year but it seems like no matter how hard I try I keep failing every day. Especially with my husband. I also feel like cutting myself another thing I haven't done in years. This is so stupid my husband is right here someone I could always talk to but I'm afraid that the more I big him I just seems easier and easier to get under his skin. I want to give up. I'm tired of trying. Fuck it. So I guess please pray for me. Idk what else to do. I just wish I wasn't afraid of my husband anymore. I went to put my hand on him to say goodnight to show my love and he just got irritated it reminded me of my mother who hates me. Idk what to do. I need help. I don't want to smoke. He's right there this is so stupid 
Pray to Jesus Christ, Ask him to help you and give you courage and peace through this difficult time. 

If you are not saved, Jesus shed his blood on the cross for sins. My sin, your sin, the sins of world. If you believe in your heart that Jesus died, was buried, and rose again on the third day, thou shalt be saved. Put you faith and trust in the finished work of Christ on the cross. 

If you are saved, Ask Jesus/God to give you a renewed heart and seek him diligently. Get a king James bible and start reading! Bible says God is the God of all comfort and there is comfort reading the scriptures. 

Ask God for guidance and assistance in your marriage and most importantly, your relationship and fellowship with Jesus Christ.

Hope this helps, my the Lord help you in this time of need, I ask this in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth. Amen.  
Psalms  59:16 KJV
But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble. 

 59:17 Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defence, and the God of my mercy.
If you need a Bible, I will send you one, free of charge. Inbox me your info and I'll get it out to you right away. 
I'm sorry to hear you're in a really rough spot right now, /u/Freelamb357. I'll be praying for you throughout my day here: for peace in your struggles, and for the restoration of your marriage. As I read through your post, here is a verse that comes to mind that I hope will bring you encouragement:

1 Corinthians 10:13:
> No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man. God is faithful, and he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability, but with the temptation, he will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.

You're not on this journey alone. You have expressed that you are trying as hard as you can, but remember that your personal strength will only take you so far. It's a hard concept to visualize, but remember that God has promised you His strength if you seek it. Ask Him for His strength.

It seems the hardest part of your experience right now is your marriage. Let me clarify right now that, as a husband myself, I think your husband is definitely in the wrong in the way he is treating you. However, bringing up his shortcomings probably won't positively affect the situation. I would advocate that you continue showing him the love and respect you would as if he were the perfect husband. It may take weeks for him to come around, but I believe he will be convicted of the Christ-like love you show him. Just like resisting your temptations, it's not going to come easily, but again, remember you aren't on this journey alone. Seek God through prayer and the Bible, and He will see you through. If you don't seek him diligently through Scripture and prayer, then ignore everything I've just said, as you don't have the strength to do it on your won (and there's nothing wrong with that; neither myself nor anyone else would either).

Either way, I hope the best for you and your husband. I'll be praying.
In a few words, what is the story with your husband? 
Check out this Bible Verse. “I would have lost heart, unless I had believed That I would see the goodness of the LORD In the land of the living. Wait on the LORD; Be of good courage, And He shall strengthen your heart; Wait, I say, on the LORD!”
‭‭Psalms‬ ‭27:13-14‬ ‭NKJV‬‬


I will pray for you 

God Bless 
I'm praying for you. Remember that God is your deliverer. The solution isn't always to *try* harder. Please give yourself some rest if possible. And keep Exodus 14:14 and Romans 8:31, (8:37 is also wonderful) in your heart. Please continue in prayer also. God is eager to hear from you.

“The LORD will fight for you, and you shall hold your peace.””
‭‭Exodus‬ ‭14:14‬ ‭NKJV‬‬
http://bible.com/114/exo.14.14.nkjv

“What then shall we say to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us?

Yet in all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loved us.”
‭‭Romans‬ ‭8:31, 37‬ ‭NKJV‬‬
http://bible.com/114/rom.8.31,37.nkjv

“pray without ceasing,”
‭‭I Thessalonians‬ ‭5:17‬ ‭NKJV‬‬
http://bible.com/114/1th.5.17.nkjv
It's pretty sad when someone can't even tell I'm a Christian by the way I'm talking on here. I have sought him diligently more so than anyone I know. I just needed others prayers. Thanks for the encouragement. I'm doing everything I can. I know I could probably try harder. I'm just so burnt out. But somehow I feel a little better. Maybe just had to get it out.  So if you prayed for me thanks so much I think I'll go to sleep. God bless you 
I have a bible in every room. Thank you though. That's thoughtful of you. Please pray that's what I really need. I must be doing something wrong 
This helped so much and I feel it completely echoed what I felt God was speaking to me last night as I sat out in my living room and cried to him. I just feel like I need to love him and get from God what my husband can no longer supply. And thank you for your prayers anyone including you who prayed. That brings me hope and I knew someone had prayed for me last night I could just feel it and God did save me from what I was being tempted to do 😊
Well, we had a miscarriage about two years ago and he's been kinda turned off since then. To God and to me in some very personal ways. It's hard to talk about. But I really just needed prayers and to get help through what I'd been feeling last night and reddit definitely helped that. Thank you everyone 
Ephesians 5:1
he predestined us for adoption to sonship through Jesus Christ, in accordance with his pleasure and will.

For some people Father's Day is a reminder of great memories with their Dad's and for others it can be a reminder of the past. For a long time, this day meant nothing to me, it was simply a day that reminded me of bad things. But that's all changed now. Tomorrow doesn't have to be about our earthly fathers. We all have a Father, a great father that loves us so much. He has good plans for us and loves us simply because we are his. So as we go into Father's Day tomorrow, remember God, remember that we are adopted as children of God.  No matter the earthly father's we have , good or bad, our father in heaven should be celebrated because he simply loves


This is my first official Father's Day as my wife and I adopted in April making this verse super awesome :) Happy Father's Day to all other dads!
Happy first Father's Day! Congratulations to you and your wife. :) 

If you are in community with other believers some other way, then no. If you aren't, then you are unlikely to grow past a certain (very low) point in your walk with God.

*Proverbs 27:17 Iron sharpens iron,
So one man sharpens another.*

*Hebrews 10:24-26 and let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds, not forsaking our own assembling together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another; and all the more as you see the day drawing near.*

The more important question to ask yourself though, is why you are motivated to ask this question to begin with. If you find yourself looking for excuses not to go to church, it's a good indication that you may not be in the right church.
This very question is interesting in of itself, because it implies that there is doctrine that requires you to go to church every Sunday. First I want to say "Church" as we typically know it is a man-made thing. The real church is the collective body of Christ that all Christians comprise.

A good church can be an amazing thing, a good church can convict you, a good church can save your soul. A bad one can ruin your faith. It hurts me to say this but there are very few good churches left today. If your in a good church that is feeding your soul, and giving you what you need where the word of god is spoken and glory and Christ reign in the halls, you wouldn't be asking yourself "do i have to go EVERY Sunday". I see a lot of Christians scold people for having feelings like this, but that's a habit from 50 years ago when Conviction, Sin and the new birth were preached. The fact is most churches today are dead, if your not getting anything out of going to church, your church is dead.

Going to church your also going to naturally develop the doctrine of that church, instead of reading gods word and listening to your spirit. I've come to the believe that faith should start in the church, so one can get a wide angle view of things. Naturally that person is going to have a lot of questions, confusions and disagreements. It's at that point where the believer should step back from church and read gods word. because that book will convict him, and he fall fall down and cry out, and the lord will put his spirit in him.

Once that spiritual discernment is there in your soul, and your in the spirit you will no longer have to seek out answers for questions such as this, you will just know the answers. Don't believe me? Give it a shot.

And as always seek communion with god, don't just pray to him commune with him. God loves to commune with a man I urge everyone to build that relationship. Never put your faith in this man or any man, but in the word of god.

I asked this question a few weeks ago to myself. Strangely enough, I got my answer while doing a bible study.

If you want to learn a skill or get a degree you go to college right? Its how I got my degree. Although there were plenty of times I did not want to be there. I would say lemme skip this class once cause its not that big of a deal. Eventually as I got closer to graduation I committed myself to show up at every class and on time as well.

If you want to be closer to God and help yourself develop a proper relationship with him, one of the things that is greatly recommended is going to church on Sundays. Sunday is not only a day of rest but, a day of worship to him before you go through the trials and tribulations of the world. Its also a good way to surround yourself with individuals that also share your faith and can aid in raising your spirits for the lord. It also can give you peace of mind and some things to think about throughout the week when you hear the speaker/pastors message. And just like college its there for YOUR BENEFIT. 

I'm not saying that you absolutely cannot miss out on church because things do happen, (emergencies and events) and God understands. But like all things we wish to improve on, you have to work on it. Whatever time you put into your harvest, you will eventually see the fruits of yout labor. I hope this helps and I will be praying for you. Take care.


I find myself heavily agreeing with the article but also heavily agreeing with your statement as well. I think most of the people who argue against going to church every Sunday, excusing it because "there are other ways to express the fellowship Hebrews 10 is talking about," aren't actually pursuing the fellowship anywhere else anyways. However, I agree with you in that finding a church where the pastor accurately teaches from the Bible in a way that convicts and edifies is extremely important to one's faith journey.

We used to go to a fairly large (for our area) church. The people were nice, there were plenty of programs to participate in, and the teaching was OK, but we never left feeling satisfied. Just as the pastor there decided to accept a position elsewhere, one of the members at that church was feeling led to pastor his own church. He is a family friend, and he does Bible translation work as well; he is quite learned in biblical matters (knows Greek, Hebrew, and a couple other languages, namely the one he and his wife translate for).

He took a position as the pastor at another nearby church where the congregation was all but dead, honestly (probably around 14 parishioners left, all in the later stages of life). With the addition of my wife, myself, and her family, and family friends, we about doubled the size of the congregation, and it still hasn't grown much more, but his teaching is almost always inspiring. I can't remember one sermon where I haven't left feeling convicted about something, as well as encouraged, in the year or so we've been attending now. We're in the process of moving, and we're still planning on driving the 40-50 miles every week in order to attend that church because the quality of teaching is unlike anywhere else we've been.

It's awesome that we found a great place to go, but it's also so sad knowing that the majority of churches do not offer this level of teaching. To top it off, so many churches (it seems) are opting to alter their doctrine in order to appeal to the culture under the guise of "being more accepting." In this case, I wholeheartedly agree with you in that attending a place like this does not encourage growth in faith, but rather chips away at and destroys whatever solid foundation there may have been to start with.
I thought you were supposed to use scripture to support your statements
Churches don't have to focus on teaching. There's nothing wrong with churches that do, but there also isn't anything wrong with churches that don't.

Many churches prefer to focus on preaching messages that encourage life change rather than focusing on messages that teach scripture or doctrine.

Many of those churches that preach a simpler, more seeker friendly life change message on Sunday morning have an entire pipeline designed to guide you into deeper knowledge through other non-Sunday morning programs (classes, small groups, men's groups, women's groups, book studies, etc.) Even churches that don't offer much more depth still encourage you to feed yourself rather than come in on Sunday expecting a pastor to feed you.
Churches don't have to focus on teaching. There's nothing wrong with churches that do, but there also isn't anything wrong with churches that don't.

Many churches prefer to focus on preaching messages that encourage life change rather than focusing on messages that teach scripture or doctrine.

Many of those churches that preach a simpler, more seeker friendly life change message on Sunday morning have an entire pipeline designed to guide you into deeper knowledge through other non-Sunday morning programs (classes, small groups, men's groups, women's groups, book studies, etc.) Even churches that don't offer much more depth still encourage you to feed yourself rather than come in on Sunday expecting a pastor to feed you.
Why would I when the word of god is written on my heart?
I am a skeptic christian beginning to lose my faith (?) I prayed to God last night saying that I've been having anxiety and worries lately and I would like to be 'cured' or 'healed' in a sense. I would really like God to reveal himself to me so that I can know that he is real. because if he isn't real then i will be hopeless...

i really would like someone to talk to because i have so many questions about Christianity 
John 20:29 "...blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed."


Hebrews 11:1 "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen."

I'll pray for you, friend. If you have questions, I urge you to message me, Ill try my best to help you out in anyway I can.
I think you're in a good place to ask questions. Feel free to ask, and we'll do our best to answer, or to direct you to where you can get better answers.
Would it be appropriate to ask what your worries are about?

Matthew 7:7-8
> ^7 “Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you. ^8 For everyone who asks receives, and the one who seeks finds, and to the one who knocks it will be opened.

To add to this, I don't want to be too quick to jump to conclusions about what you've prayed for or how you've expected those prayers to be answered, but in case there's any misunderstanding, prayer does not always work in ways we might expect or desire. God may be answering your prayer in a way that you don't realize or don't want Him to, but that does not mean He has not heard you.

With that said, I would urge you to take a step back and examine your requests. It isn't often (if ever, in this life) that God is going to physically reveal Himself to us. However, it can be easy to miss the ways in which He is revealing his spiritual presence and His nature if we aren't attuned to the Bible.

Whatever your worries, whatever your doubt, I would suggest reading your Bible, starting in the Gospel of John. Pray that you might understand it, and pray that God would reveal Himself to you through it, for that is the way He reveals Himself the most, I've found: through His Word.

Please feel free to PM me with any questions you have that you don't feel comfortable asking here. I'm not a Bible or theology expert by any means, but I love sharing what I do know when I can.
PM me with your questions if you'd like.
Prayers your way, we are all seeking and finding God in our own paths that He has given to us. You will find your answers just make sure you are always seeking Him.
Asking God to show himself is a best way. You can PM me, hopefully I can encourage you not to give up on God.
Be encouraged!  Don't lose hope.  He is willing and able to heal you, willing and able to meet with you.  Desire and seek an encounter with the living God.  He won't leave you empty handed.  In some of the most unexpected ways we as believers experience what we each know is the unexpected truth of an unexplainable experience with God.  If you seek Him through His word, if you pray to Him openly and honestly with all your heart, if you talk to other wise, older, strong people of faith, He will meet you right where you stand.  And when He does you will be blown away.  You will be brought to tears, brought to laughter, brought to joy all at once.  The Lord teaches us that the Kingdom of God is within us.  He teaches us that we must have faith.  He defines what faith is for us, not us defining faith on our terms.  He tells us that a part of faith as defined by Him is believing that He exists and that He rewards those who diligently seek him.  In our faith it is so important to believe this idea about "believing that He exists"...I have rooted my heart and mind to believe and understand that believing that He exists means that from the time Christ ascended into heaven...He is currently seated on the throne in heaven, literally and physically, more real than anything I can see or imagine.  The same Christ who showed his hands and sides to Thomas is presently seated on June 21, 2017 earthtime, on THE throne in heaven.  Once I have this down solid in my heart that believing that He exists is as much of a fact as "my shoes are by the front door", then I am able to better understand that I don't physically see Him or will not physically see Him until that Day.  That glorious and real and coming day that I will see Him.  That is the longing inside of you and it is a longing that is inside of every single believer who has ever lived.  Paul says that is the hope we have, the hope of glory, the hope of seeing Christ with our own very eyes, and we will see Him, we can bank on it, if we only have...faith.---and when we have IT...faith...he will reward us who are seeking Him...how and where and when that reward comes is up to us to chase after with our very lives by living one day at a time a life that brings honor and glory to His holy name.  God bless you daughter, have faith, be encouraged, he will never leave you empty handed or unanswered, Christ is real, Christ reigns, let Him be the God of your heart and mind and body and you will look back at the time you made your post and will laugh someday with the joy that the Holy Spirit fills you with.  God bless.
Just as the title says. I am trying to get a small fellowship group together.  If you would maybe be interested pm me.
I grew up as a religious person, but I am atheist now. I'm atheist because, there's a point in life when, if you've been through so much shit you can't, can't, can't, possibly imagine that a higher being who is pushed as being all-loving, would allow all that shit to happen to you. At 12, I was sexually assaulted by my dad. This was after living with a stepmother who verbally abused me, physically tortured me - used methods that seasoned soldiers cannot handle (waterboarding being the main thing I remember). I was put through child services so much. One of the foster fathers I lived with, even stalked me after I left his house and at the age of 11 threatened to kill me if I didn't do what he said - at 11 I didn't know he was bs-ing, because I was a broken child already. At 14, I ran away. I was put through child services again, and I live with the constant fear that either my stalker or my father will find me and rape me or kill me. I have been diagnosed with mild PTSD, depression. My biological mother has bipolar schizophrenia, hand in hand with anxiety, depression, and HIV. There's a good chance that my depression has left me more at risk of developing schizophrenia as well. I have body dysmorphia. There are times when I think I'm too fat, there are times when I think I'm too thin. I hate myself, hate my life, and this all started before I was an atheist. Back when I was hopeful that if I prayed enough, God would come and set me free. Or an angel would talk to me in my sleep, and tell me that it would get better. I was innocent. I thought Jesus would save me, God would rescue me. Guess what? He didn't because despite not living in that situation anymore I'm in a downward spiral constantly questioning why I even live.﻿

So my overall question with this is: Why, if God is considered all-loving, all-knowing, all-powerful, - if he even exists! - did he allow me to live this life? 

Edit: I am genuinely curious, I'm not critiquing or even criticizing. I genuinely want to know.
I am by no means an expert theologian or even a well informed Christian, so what I'm about to say is entirely from my own understanding of the mystery of God and the way he works in our lives. In this temporary life, we've been given free will. That free will has caused pain and suffering since the dawn of time. But it's also been the source of many wonderful things as well. Now obviously, those people in your life who have caused you this suffering chose to use their freedom of choice in a negative way. And that causes God so much pain. We humans have screwed this whole thing up beyond belief. But the beautiful, yet unfortunate thing, about free will is that we're able to do that. My question was always, "How can I possibly have free will if God has a plan for me? Wouldn't that mean my future is set in his plan? And why would such horrible things be deliberaly PLANNED for me?" And after some contemplation I came to the conclusion that God knows all. He knows what has been, what is, and what is to come, no matter what variables we change. For example, if I'm walking down a path, and I make a right turn, God knows what's going to happen and His plan for me is relative to that choice. But if I make a left turn, God still knows what's going to happen to me, and His plan is still in effect. Because of free will, his plan is always changing for us, and in the end it's entirely up to us how we experience it. So I don't think that your horrible past was put into play intentionally by God. But because it did happen, he has changed the plan accordingly to accommodate that. So maybe because of the pain you've felt, you're now able to connect better with others on your position and help them in ways no one else could. In the end, that's only my idea, and I can't speak for God. But I can speak TO God. And I assure you, you'll be in my prayers when I do. I really hope you are able to find an easier path in life. That better things come to you, and even though you don't believe it, God loves you more than you can possibly imagine, and he's pained so much by everything you've gone through and wants nothing more than for you to seek comfort in him. Maybe one day you will feel that love again. Until then, I'll pray. 
“But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me. That is why, for Christ’s sake, I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.”
‭‭2 Corinthians‬ ‭12:9-10‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/2co.12.9-10.niv
God gave us freedom. So we can do what we want including all the bad things. There is no other way around it if there is freedom there has to be suffering aswell. 
He loves us all though so after this short life we have a chance to be forever with him, where the choice is adredy made. 
I'm sorry for your experience. You are still alive, and sane enough to understand your position. Now you can with a lot of work live on. That is loving side of God while we still here.
                 

I'm so sorry you had to go through so much suffering, and I'll be praying for you to not give up. Remember, it's not the journey but the destination.
Purposes of Suffering.......

To produce fruit. If we allow suffering to accomplish its purpose, it can bring forth patient endurance, joy, knowledge, and maturity.
 
To silence the devil.Satin once accused Job of merely serving God for the material blessings involved. But The Lord allowed the Devil to torment Job to demonstrate that his servant loved God because of who he was, and not for what he could get from him.

To glorify God.

To make us like Jesus. " as a result, I can really know Christ and experience the mighty power that raised him from the dead. I can learn what it means to suffer with him, sharing in his death"

To teach us dependence. (On Him)

To refine our lives. 

To rebuke our sin. As a faithful earthly father must in love punish his erring child, so does our Heavenly Father. 

To enlarge our ministry toward others. It has been observed that he who has suffered much, understands others. 

God is not impersonal and accompanies humans in their suffering.

" in this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world" 
John 16:33
.... He will have no fear of bad news; his heart is steadfast, trusting in The Lord.
Psalm 112:7 

Give up the illusion that you deserve a problem free life !!!.....
This is false hope.
Give help to others, it will set your mind free. 
Psalm 75:3
Psalm 112:7
Isaiah 26:18
John 16:33
Romans 5:3
1 Peter 4:13
1 Peter 5:10 


First, I have no idea what it must be like to go through what you have endured. When I say that I'm sorry for you, I do not mean to be patronizing. I just want you to know that someone(s) you have never met cares.

The Bible says to speak the truth in love, that is, I need to tell you what the Bible says, and its for your benefit. Even if it hurts to hear. No amount of pain in this world comes close to the eternal nightmare that is Hell. If it seems like God's Justice is slow or non-existent its because He is slow to wrath. There may come a day when your father begs for your forgiveness. Or not. These things have been done to you, by others, and God rewards everyone according to their deeds, good or bad. But here is another hard truth. We are all guilty before God. Just like these men in your life, we have all betrayed God. The question is not why there is evil in the world. Why is the world still here at all? Why hasnt God already cleansed the world of evil. The answer is simple, He loves us. He loves me, He loves you, and He loves your Dad. If your Dad doesnt repent and turn to Him, he will burn forever. But if he comes to understand that he is evil and wicked and there is no good thing in him, that God is Just and Righteous to destroy him in Hell forever. Then another evil man can be saved from Hell.

I havent done anything like these men, but Jesus said, if you WANT to do a thing, it means you have crossed a line, as if you did the thing for real. In my there is no good thing in me. But thank God and His Son Jesus, that man I was is DEAD. And now the clean and pure blood of Jesus is on me. I dont have to fear death, or life for that matter. Because I have the Eternal Spirit of God in me, now and forever.

And so can you.
Before I answer your question, I want to say that I am so sorry that these things have happened to you. I sympathize deeply with where you're at and I am proud of you for enduring in this life even after what you have been through. The question you are asking is great one with many possible answers, none of which will fully satisfy your brokenness as much as Christ will, but I would love to take the opportunity to try.

First I would like to address your questions small interjection "if he even exists!". If he doesn't exist then this is a non-issue and your suffering has no purpose (which really sucks). Without going into great detail about different moral arguments, I would say first that philosophically your question is easily solved with simply saying, that if God doesn't exist, we ought not care about the morality of abuse, since morality stems from God. No-God, No-morality (this is an argument I can dive into further detail on another occasion if you want). At least that is a very simplified version. 

However, if you want to grant that perhaps there could be a God then the question becomes, How does an omniscient, omnipotent, and omni-benevolent God allow evil in this world? Firstly we would need to make sure we aren't denigrating the God of revelation by reducing him in any of these capacities. We can't say, "oh, well he simply didn't know you were going to suffer." That means he isn't all knowing. And we also wouldn't say "God wanted to stop it, but he couldn't." Of course he could have, or else he wouldn't be all powerful. Lastly one might conclude, "well, God must not be all loving." No, this contradicts what we find in scripture all over the dang place. We know all that he does is out of love for His creation. 

So then the question is, "what is God accomplishing by allowing evil to exist in this world?". This is the great question. The things that have happened to you, horrible things, were all done by fallen evil people (this includes all of us). While God knows about these things beforehand, he chose to allow these people to make a choice. They will answer for this choice in one of two ways, eternal punishment in hell or through the death of God on the cross. Those are the only two options that we have in life. Either we die ourselves and thus pay the penalty for our sins, or we become united with Christ in his death and resurrection and receive grace. (Romans 6:3-5). God does not let evil just exist, He already has victory over it in the cross, and he will eventually put an end to it. God is a Holy, Just God that will put an end to evil, but for now he extends grace to even us who don't deserve it. Through these truths we can forgive those who have wronged us. This is difficult, but in light of the forgiveness we receive from Christ, which we do not deserve, forgiving others is much easier. 

God has a purpose for your suffering. That really sucks to think about, and perhaps that purpose is not evident right now. But when we come to Christ, he promises to renew us in him and restore our lives from the state of death and brokenness to life and peace. Despite what you have been through, I urge you to consider the sacrifice of Christ on the cross. 

Feel free to message me if you have other questions. I am a pastor and would love to talk more about these things with you.    

You seriously need to read the bible and see what your being saved from and what lengths God went through to call specific people and continues to do so. Jesus was the only blameless perfect person and suffered the worst of the worst. He suffered the full wrath of God aside from what He went through by human hands. And He did it for His chosen elect from before the foundation of the world. He knew how we are and still chose some of us. That's grace. If God wants you, He'll get you to come to Him by any means necessary. Do you think you're the only person to suffer? How about the Christians who were being beheaded by Islamic killers. Or how they were throwing their children off cliffs to avoid that from happening. This life is temporary and necessary. These tears will be wiped away and glory will be all to God. But a human ego demands more. Every time anyone questions God, it's always the same answer. A just, righteous, holy, answer. Who are you?
Thank you for this. It genuinely made me cry. I think the biggest hurdle in all of this is that I actually /want/ to believe that yes, there's some higher being out there who loves me, but my brain can't accept that. 

I used to go to church with my foster family. It was one of those uh... modern churches, I guess is the word. Hope Center Tabernacle. A lot of what the pastor said made little sense to me, and still doesn't. There was a day, however, when my foster mother asked me to come up with her (it was one of those "come up to the stage and receive your blessings through prayer while emotional music plays in the background" churches). Not one to deny her, I did- and a lady came up behind me, put her hand on my head and began praying in... actually it didn't sound like any language really. A lot of 'sha' sounds. But for some reason I started thinking about life, and why I'd been through everything, and began to cry- and mind you, before this I was just anxious to leave (churches make me a bit uncomfortable- everyone is waaay too damn happy).

Does what I just explained make me believe in God any more? Frankly, no. But am I one of the atheists who actually wants something to believe in, because it would be so much easier? Yes.

As much as I hate the idea of prayer, thank you for keeping me in yours. And if I ever do believe again, I'll come back here.
Had to delete that username because i noticed a typo. sorry. message me here if you want. 
I'll answer the one question posed to me in the best way I know how:
"Do you think you're the only person to suffer?"
No. I will never, in my entire life, ever put down those who have suffered more than I have. The question posed to this community however, was one of morality rather than anything. If it was in Gods "plan" for a 12 year old to be raped, stalked, tortured most of their life, then why? Is it so they can take that experience and utilize it to help others? What happens if they crack? If it was not in his plan, and was instead a product of human error, then why did he allow it to happen to such an extent that said child felt the pain and sorrow of being more than unloved? 
There are plenty of people who have experienced worse than I have. I simply asked why I HAD to experience it.
If he does exist, he took a believer and stripped them of their beliefs- a child who prayed every night, who prayed at school, who prayed even when she was raped and stalked and tortured.
Man. That was not a very compassionate answer. Maybe you need to read your bible more and see how Jesus responded to those who are hurting.
That is such a huge hurdle, even for believing Christians like myself. My brain wants to go right to logic and what's best for me, even though I know better. I'm reluctant to because of my brain, but I know the more time I spend with God, the more natural my relationship with Him becomes. In your search, I hope that you find and feel the love of Jesus from others as well as in yourself. We are not striving to attain Christ. We are striving to lay hold of what is already ours.
Well I did answer this question and I will answer again. Read the bible. Ever hear of Job? God put him through some stuff on purpose. And He totally put the most perfect righteous man in eternity through the worst experience that will ever happen. To gain glory and worship for himself. Those people that hurt go to him, and he gives them something nothing on this planet can. Eternal life with the ability to go directly to God because we have an intercessor who paid with the greatest price for us. If you think you yourself turned from God, Biblically speaking, you're wrong. Jesus is the author and finisher of faith, not you. You're name was either written or not written down in the Lamb's book of life. You can't take it out. Let me ask you a question. Hate the people who did these things to you growing up? Because if you do, you're a murderer. Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth, but I say, turn the other cheek. The law is not capable of saving anyone, only there as an impossible measuring stick. Jesus completed what we couldn't ever do on the cross.

And in life which is very tough for everyone, especially Christians, God is going to bring you to your knees. He will do whatever it takes to get you there and if it requires hurting you for a smidgen of eternity, I think the trade off is better.

And all those people who never seen God, well guess what, they will still bend the knee and their tongue will confess, Christ IS Lord. Then their judgement comes. And that will be a terror no man can imagine, that Jesus will say He never knew you.
Why don't you? I took the time to answer his questions twice. You took the time to criticize but with no info besides research more. Give some examples.

This person needs truth. Not compassion or to hear what will tickle their ears. The compassion will come with knowledge later. 
They've received several very good answers, I don't need to add my repeat of what's already been said. Christians are to be known by their love, not by their sharp words of rebuke for those who come seeking comfort in their time of pain. I've written extensively on the problem of evil, go through my post history if you're so interested. As the mod of this forum, and as a Christian, my concern right now is our state as ambassadors for Christ. I didn't say that anything you said was wrong; I said you were a dick about it. Truth with love. That's all.
Go ahead and stroke your ego. All that's important to you. I was the first to reply to them with truth not what their ego wanted to hear. They asked me another question and I replied again. They need truth first, then they will understand later on how much live is given in grace. So you continue attempting to be a bullying dick... moderator.
Its not about tickling someones ear. Jesus said "I desire mercy and not sacrifice" "Love your enemies"

Have some compassion when talking to someone who is hurting. You may speak the truth, but speak it in love.

Anger does not work the righteousness of God

A kind word turns away wrath.

Jesus had compassion on hurting people.

He reserved His anger for hypocrites, the "Godly People" the priests!
Cool. I think we've heard eachother. /thumbsup
*One of you will say to me: “Then why does God still blame us? For who is able to resist his will?” But who are you, a human being, to talk back to God? “Shall what is formed say to the one who formed it, ‘Why did you make me like this?’ ” Does not the potter have the right to make out of the same lump of clay some pottery for special purposes and some for common use?*

Romans 9 talks about God creating some people for the specific purpose of being an object of his wrath, prepared for destruction; and tells us that we don't have the right to question this.

How do you accept this? Presumably, these objects of wrath goes to hell, right? And it was totally against their will, since God created them to be this way. How does this work? Doesn't God want everyone to be saved? 

I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around this.

Can anybody help me understand? 
[deleted]
It's very important to read these verses in context. Paul is not talking about the salvation of people. He is talking about God being able to sovereignly decide how people are saved. The Jews, Paul's people, are very much the subject of this chapter. The Jews believe that because they are Abraham's descendants according to the flesh, then they must be automatically qualified for salvation. Paul says that salvation is not due to ancestry, but because we have faith in Christ. He brings up the example of Esau to show that just because someone was a descendant of Abraham doesn't mean God has chosen them. That being said, Esau wasn't automatically damned because he happened to not be Jacob, either. God chose for salvation to come through the Jews, and so chose Jacob over Esau. Esau went and made his own people group; had he submitted himself to God's command and joined Israel, he would be under the covenant as well. 
First, it's important to note that this passage occurs in the middle of a discussion about God's chosen people, Israel. It would be very bizarre indeed if Paul had paused his discussion on Israel in order to make a statement about the salvation of individuals in general, and then continue the discussion on God's chosen people. That's not what occurred here, this continues to be a discussion about Israel and its place as God's chosen people.

Second, it's important to get the references Paul is using in this letter. This idea of a potter and clay is not something he just came up with, he is referencing the Old Testament. Therefore it's important for us to know those references.

Here they are:
*Isaiah 29:16 How foolish can you be?
 He is the Potter, and he is certainly greater than you, the clay!
Should the created thing say of the one who made it,
 “He didn’t make me”?
Does a jar ever say,
 “The potter who made me is stupid”?*

*Isaiah 45:9 “What sorrow awaits those who argue with their Creator.
 Does a clay pot argue with its maker?
Does the clay dispute with the one who shapes it, saying,
 ‘Stop, you’re doing it wrong!’
Does the pot exclaim,
 ‘How clumsy can you be?’*

*Isaiah 64:8 And yet, O Lord, you are our Father.
 We are the clay, and you are the potter.
 We all are formed by your hand.*

*Jeremiah 18:1-6 The Lord gave another message to Jeremiah. He said, “Go down to the potter’s shop, and I will speak to you there.” So I did as he told me and found the potter working at his wheel. But the jar he was making did not turn out as he had hoped, so he crushed it into a lump of clay again and started over.
 Then the Lord gave me this message: “O Israel, can I not do to you as this potter has done to his clay? As the clay is in the potter’s hand, so are you in my hand.*

Each time this language had been used in the past, the prophets had done so to exhort Israel to repent; reminding them that they are the clay and God is the potter and when the clay isn't behaving as it should, the potter just crushes it and starts over. In every case this imagery has been used, it has referenced the people of Israel, and this case is no different. Paul has reached back to the words of the prophets to tell the people of Israel that they have reached such a time once again, God is once again forming something new from that clay and it is God's prerogative to form whatever he wants. He is telling them, like the prophets Isaiah and Jeremiah did before him, that it's not up to them to decide what they should look like as a people, it's up to God.

The reason Paul is saying this is to prepare them for the bomb he is about to drop. If you keep reading the rest of chapter 9 and into chapter 10 this is where Paul reveals that God is now adding gentiles into their numbers. This would be outrageous to them for they prided themselves in being God's chosen people; how could they allow these uncircumcised pork eating pagans into their ranks? Thus why Paul prepared them, reached back to the prophets in the middle of chapter 9, and reminded them that they don't get to choose who is God's people and who isn't, God chooses that and he is now choosing to include gentiles. 

In a nutshell, we shouldn't be reading this as if Paul is speaking in general terms about individual human beings. Paul is reaching back to the prophets, and the clay here is understood to be the Israelites, which as you can see from the beginning of the chapter and what follows the verses that trouble you, is exactly what he is discussing in this chapter. He didn't just throw in a metaphor about humans in general being clay into the middle of a discussion on God's chosen people, he is still talking about Israel and using symbols they would have been familiar with from reading the prophets. He is preparing them for what he is about to say when he goes on to reveal the rest of God's plan by explaining that gentiles are now to be considered among God's people.

Alternatively, of course, you could just take the Calvinist route and interpret that passage to be a reference to double predestination and say that God chooses some people for salvation and others for damnation. It's a more straight forward reading of that scripture. There are many brilliant Calvinists whom I respect greatly who read that passage in such a way and simply accept the fact that God acts in a way the rest of us would consider unjust. But I feel such a reading ignores the context, forces you to pull it out of the middle of a discussion on Israel, and doesn't bother reaching back to the prophets to see what else this imagery of clay and potters has been used for throughout scripture.
Because humans make the choice, either to follow God and Christ or be against Him, in this case they are judged for the evil they do.
"Justice"?

This verse is saying someone you love (your son, sister, mother, fill in the blanks...) may potentially go to hell and there's nothing you can do about it, because it's not up to them, but it's up to God.  

God could have created you to be an object of wrath, prepared for destruction and because you can't resist His will, there's nothing you can do about it; AND you don't have the right to ask about it.

It's not about Justice, it's about God creating people specifically to be destroyed.  Even if by doing so God is showing everyone else his mercy and glory, I can't overlook a loving Father, nay, a God who IS love, torturing and ultimately destroying someone just to prove a point.
An excellent explanation.  It drives me nuts when people take a single verse and use it to try and prove a point.
This verse say's specifically that humans DON'T make the choice, *"It does not, therefore, depend on human desire or effort, but on God’s mercy" (Romans 9:16)*

And concerning "the evil they do", they don't have a choice in that either, neither can they ask why: *"One of you will say to me: “Then why does God still blame us? For who is able to resist his will?” But who are you, a human being, to talk back to God? “Shall what is formed say to the one who formed it, ‘Why did you make me like this? (Romans 9:19*


Ding. And that's why Calvinism turns God into the Devil :)

Try looking up Arminianism (usually described as the foil to Calvinism) and see what they have to say about Romans 9. I found it very compelling, and far more in tune with the surrounding verses and chapters. Paul isn't making a random excursis to talk about sovereign election and reprobation in the middle of discussing the salvation of the Jews.
Hi! 

I was just wondering if anyone had some really solid resources (online, books, anything really) that talked about the historical accuracy of the Bible. I find when I'm having conversations with non-Christians there's no validity in me claiming that the Bible is legitimate. I want specific resources I can direct people to, and preferably with as little bias as possible. 
You can read information from early Christian writers.

https://www.ccel.org/fathers.html

Also from other ancient people who mentioned Jesus Christ:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sources_for_the_historicity_of_Jesus
I had this very same question!! You should look into *The Case for Christ* by Lee Strobel. 

I finished reading it yesterday and it is... compelling, to say the least. 

Strobel has a background in law and journalism uses this training to ask pointed and direct questions to a little over a dozen well-respected experts of various theological backgrounds. All of his expert interviews are with PhD's, and all seem to be nationally or internationally respected authorities in their various fields. 

The topics range from the historical reliability of the gospels, to if Jesus did actually believe he was God, to whether Jesus was mentally insane, to whether or not Jesus would have been able to survive the crucifixion and fake his death and ressurection. 

The evidence is presented in an interesting, even entertaining way and I would strongly recommend​ this book to believer and non-believer alike. 
##Sources for the historicity of Jesus
Christian sources, such as the New Testament books in the Christian Bible, include detailed stories about Jesus but scholars differ on the historicity of specific episodes described in the Biblical accounts of Jesus. The only two events subject to "almost universal assent" are that Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist and was crucified by the order of the Roman Prefect Pontius Pilate.

Non-Christian sources that are used to study and establish the historicity of Jesus include Jewish sources such as Josephus, and Roman sources such as Tacitus. These sources are compared to Christian sources such as the Pauline Epistles and the Synoptic Gospels.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Christian/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove
Thank you :) 
Hmm good to know. I've read a bit of The Case for a Creator by him and wasn't too fond of it as a science student - didn't feel like his arguments were convincing. But it was a while ago and I didn't read the whole thing, and I've heard very good things about The Case for Christ. Thanks for the reccomendation :) 
I had a similar reaction to the Case for a Creator. I am also a STEM student and I didn't feel like it was quantitative enough. I also didn't finish the whole thing. 

The Case for Christ has a similar feel, but in my opinion was far more complete and holistic in it's argument for the historical reliability of the New Testament and for Jesus' assertions about himself. It's also more person. 

No problem :)
I am a female non-Christian, my boyfriend is Christian and very faithful. I am wondering what we can do sexually, that would still stay within what the bible says?

I've never been in a relationship with a Christian before, and he wishes to stay virginal until marriage, does this mean that we can't do anything at all? Tried to find more on this on the internet, but was no help. 

Please help me!!!
Hi! I'm not entirely familiar with this subject, but I feel that you shouldn't do much until your married. I would NOT commit anything sexual at all. And by all means necessary if you truly love him, you will wait till you guys are both married and one before God. I know it's easy to say, but it's a bit harder to do. Remember God will be your strength. Whenever you get tempted, pray. Pray that God will remove the thoughts from your mind. The enemy is the one behind such thoughts and actions. Don't give in. Let your relationship be complete love until you are married. Here are some verses for you:

18 Flee from sexual immorality. All other sins a person commits are outside the body, but whoever sins sexually, sins against their own body. Corinthians 6:18


If you truly want to have a sexual relationship with him, then the two of you should marry. There's a bit of a"slippery slope" when it comes to what you can "do". One activity inevitably leads to other activities.



You didn't say how old you were, so if you are going to say you are too young for marriage, or not ready for that commitment, I would argue that you're not ready for the responsibilities of a sexual relationship, either.
Wish you luck ! God bless (:
A relationship should glorify God. If you are doing something within a relationship that causes you not to glorify God then it is a dangerous relationship.

A basic rule is if you are concerned with whether you can or cannot do something you should assume you can't. Also only do things you would be happy being discovered doing before marriage. Ie. if your parents walked in on you holding hands you would be able to look them in the eye later that day but if your parents walked in on you having sex then you would stuggle to look them in the eye later that day.

Also the risk is sex is something that should be done within marriage and if you commit to doing something sexual in nature (ie. sex [some people, stricter in view, also see passionate kissing as wrong) with your current bf and then split up with him for whatever reason you have not only lost the glorious thing that is a sexual relationship with one person in marriage but if and when you marry someone else you will have effectively committed adultery against them.

Best thing to do is to discuss it with him. If he sees it as I do that sex is something to be held until marriage then you should respect his opinion. If you differ in decision then you appear to have a different set of opinions which you need to discuss within your relationship anyway.

I would stay away from any acts that could lead to sex, even if you stopped. Any sorts of passionate kissing or 'touching' I would stay away from.

As you say, you are a non-Christian dating a Christian. This may sound harsh but imho this is the basis of a fundamentally flawed relationship as you have differing opinions and different views on life. It is something you need to discuss with him and explain that there are problems with having different views in a relationship.
If you are playing with Christianity you will understand at some point that the rules that we try to live by are for our benefit and result in a happier more fulfilled life. 

TLDR. Talk to him. You seem to have different views (ie secular vs Christian) and need to resolve that. Ultimately you need to decide why you are in a relationship with him and what you want to get out of it.


Hope this helps and you can resolve things with your bf.
You can spend time together, and you can cherish each other. Why focus on what you can't do? Why is sex so important to you? Consider other ways to show your love for him. Honor his wishes, respect his beliefs. Wouldn't you want the same respect? What if he wanted sex and you didn't? Would you want him to explore the boundaries of what is "acceptable"?
Ask him. Christians have different views like atheists do?
The thing is, I am 19 and he's 21, we aren't ready to be married yet. Thank you so much for all the answers! I really appreciate it !!!
This is a conversation you need to have with him. His opinion on this topic is the only one that really matters. I'm not sure what you think the value would be in discussing this with strangers on the internet.
Do what ever the two of you feel comfortable doing. Sex is a natural part of life and a natural part of growing up and developing as a person both mentally and sexually. Sex before marriage doesn't make you a bad person and you shouldn't allow other people to make you feel as though you or him have  done something wrong. 
I think you missed the bit where the poster said she wasn't a Christian!
Telling two people to get married just to have sex is possibly the worst advice I think I've seen in a long time. OP, please, for the honor and sanctity of marriage, do not get married just so you can feel it is okay to please each other sexually. This is not how marriage was designed... Swearing an oath to love and to cherish when in reality you mean "just so we can fool around" and for as long as you both shall live, when in reality you mean "for as long as it's fun" seems a touch on the extreme side.
What is your focus?  The focus seems to be on sex or sexual things, and not in love.  

God is love.  (1 John 4:8)  God's love is fatherly.  He would like good things for you.  What would be good for you is you find someone who loves you, and is willing to commit to you, and not break your heart.  He is not ready for marriage and you are not ready for marriage?  Maybe you should not be dating?  

Do you go to college?  Being married in college is often seen as a bad thing, but here is some wisdom.  You are under your parents income for FAFSA till you are 23, or that is how it used to be.  You are a dependent.  You get married?  You are now an independent and as poor college students you may end with a lot of state need grants depending on the state, and other things.  You could end up with basically a full ride minus some Stafford loans.  
No, I didn't miss that part. I figured if she's willing to post on a Christian page then she would want the full truth. God can work through her boyfriend and she can easily be saved. It doesn't matter what you are, religion or anything. And if she truly loves her bf then she will obviously do what it takes to make him happy.

> Telling two people to get married just to have sex is possibly the worst advice I think I've seen in a long time.

This is /r/Christian, so expect to hear some Christian responses. The OP is clearly interested in a sexual relationship, and thus wanted to see how far she could go before running afoul of God's commands. That is the completely wrong perspective to have, if she respects her boyfriend's beliefs. We should obey God first, before our own desires.

It's naive to deny that some behavior doesn't lead to *more* sexual behavior, so trying to divine out how "far" one can go, is only inviting temptation and the urge to sin. The fact remains that, for a believer, sex is for marriage. I was not suggesting the OP get married only for sex. That *is* preposterous. 

I was saying that to respect her boyfriends faith, they ought to be married *first* before they start down the road of a sexual relationship. Typically, when young people are told this, their response is usually "Well, I'm not ready for that sort of commitment.", to which I respond "Then you're not ready for the responsibility and seriousness of a sexual relationship, in the way God defines it". 

>This is not how marriage was designed

I agree: marriage was not designed to facilitate sex. But sex was designed only for marriage.
I do love him, and want to take it to the next level, doesn't have to be sex, can be other things. I'm 19 and studying Paramedicine at University (I am from New Zealand, not the US) I'm going to talk to him because we have briefly discussed it before but I want to just talk through to him to see what he's comfortable with. We are a couple but just not fully ready for marraige, but are committed to eachother. 
I like Rob McKenzie, and he is working out of New Zealand.  http://kingwatch.co.nz/

Doing the right things, as a young couple in 2017, may not be easy.  I don't have easy answers for you.   You are better off, most likely, finding a pastor closer to home.  

I never share my songs online, but I thought since I put some effort into this one.. someone could lend their ears :)



Thank you for sharing!
my pleasure
Hello everyone! So I go to church in Eagle Rock, CA, more specifically, The Living Waters Charismatic Outreach. We were founded in 1989, just a year after I was born. We have been renting the building for our congregation, but have recently been told the building was sold and will soon be torn down. We have been frantically looking for a new building to place down new roots, however, we are a little short on our down payment for the building loan. I truly believe that God will provide us with a permanent home when his time is right, and I ask for your prayers and support as we try to overcome this battle.

We have recently started a Gofundme page as one of the means to help us. If you find it in your hearts to help support our community, we would be forever grateful. I ask that you please upvote and share this with as many people as you can, as every little bit helps.

https://www.gofundme.com/tlw-building-fund

On behalf of The Living Waters, we thank you for your generosity, but most of all, for your prayers that the Lord will see us through this difficult trial in our lives.

God bless!
[deleted]
You can gather on the grass in a circle and hold church, gather at one of your guys houses for church, no need to put off God until you get another building.
Human morals change and evolve with time. We know this. But most Christians accept that God's morals are fixed from day 1: they don't change.

Often God's morals are not politically correct. A bible-believing Christian will get shunned and offend so many for merely being the messenger of God's Word.

I've seen so many these liberal new age "Christians" try to equate what may SEEM right, by today's standards, to what GOD also deems right.

The bible clearly stays homosexual acts is an abomination - not a sin - punishable by death. If I don't agree that it is, that would mean that I disagree with God on a few things, not that God agrees with me.

For example, I once pointed out to someone that the Bible clearly states to Obey the Law of the Land. Vigilante justice is a sin, whatever that law may be.  Then someone said, "so Harriet Tubman was sinning when she illegally helped slaves?"

Short answer: Yes. Again, God's morals are not politically correct. We can't shape how we want God to be based on our morals. Even though Harriet Tubman did the right thing, she was still sinning.

These liberal "community" churches with a douche effeminate pastor and a coffee & donut bar are not TRUE Bible-thumping churches. They've integrated Christianity with Hollywood, media, and trendy views so people can feel better about living a sinful life like everyone else while still adopting the identity as "Christian." Yeah, you can't do that. Christianity is a commitment - you either believe what the Bible literally commands, or you do not: true Christianity isn't popular with the masses, it's not PC, and you will look like you're full of hate on the media, but that's part of the package. You don't get to have it both ways.
>Even though Harriet Tubman did the right thing, she was still sinning.

Lol, that's pure insanity. A very strange interpretation you have there.

Nowhere does it say to blindly follow the land of the law, regardless of everything else. Helping to free slaves from people who thought of them as property is not a sin in any way. 


>These liberal "community" churches with a douche effeminate pastor

Your language, tone, and slandering are far more of a sin than helping to free slaves, that's for sure. 
Two people can read the same bible and get two very different interpretations. Every fiber of my being tells me that God and his divine will is very different from what you interpret it to be. No, Harriet Tubman was not sinning by helping slaves escape. Like every other human to walk this earth save for one, she was a sinner. But it wasn't because she risked her life to help her fellow man. God bless you.
[Legal and lawful are not the same thing.](http://yourstrawman.com)
Sharing the gospel (evangelizing) is illegal in a rising number of countries. In many of these countries, however, evangelizing is in perfect accordance with their Constitution.
I think you missed an important point about Harriet Tubman. The early Christian martyrs were killed because they would not worship Caesar - which was the law of the land. Was them not worshiping Caesar a sin, or would their breaking God's command and worshiping him be the sin? There are times when God's commands must override the human laws. For example, now that same-sex marriage is legal in America, under your rubric you would be sinning if you refused to perform or participate in a same-sex marriage.

Additionally, we do see Jesus reverse the death penalty. This doesn't mean that things are not sin, but it does mean that we don't get to enact the death penalty for adultery or, arguably, for any of the other capital crimes of the Old Testament. 
The bible doesn't literally command much. Why? Because most of the bible is narrative, and most of the New Testament is epistular. If God had intended to provide us with a book of rules, he would have given us one. Instead, he gave us a book that tells a story and he invites us to enter into that story.
God also said if the law goes against him, to remember that God is above the law. If the law goes against gods word, you are not obligated to follow it, but to actually choose to follow gods law over that law, even if it means imprisonment l, like Daniel in the Lions den, or more recently, when mlk got locked up and explained that there are just laws and unjust laws, for law in itself has no morality, but is used to serve justice and refrain sin. I choose to follow the just laws, says mlk, and he was a christian.

I agree though, The word says, my word is everlasting to everlasting and never changes, it also says do not add or remove to this or let them be cursed, the Bible also says you will be hated, and he bible says do jot be lukewarm, the Bible also says God has no partiality, and he does not confuse his people.

I mean do these people completely ignore this stuff nowadays? It's sick imo, do they know they're going against the word or are they the typical, I'm just gonna attend church and not read the Bible in my own time, type christians?


[deleted]
There is only one interpretation and it's the truth, which is through jesus Christ, the Bible is not written to explain god, it is written to explain you, and to explain to you about the world you were born in, and how to escape it, that's the bible, everything else God says you will learn once you're caught up with him.

God says I do not confuse my people, it's the devil giving different interpretations, the challenge is, knowing who is talking to you, is it really jesus ? Are you sure? Read the bible, pray for clarification and to see, and you shall get the CORRECT interpretation, God didn't write the bible, so that philosophers could pick it apart and give their own interpretation of it. There is one truth to the word, and jesus will show it to you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Works well in regards to this whole post. OP has their own standards apart from anything in the Bible. 

edit: in response to your editing out of your attacks, you were saying how different people have different interpretations of the Bible. You and OP are prime examples. 

edit 2: or just delete your post, lol
So you agree that Harriet Tubman was doing the right thing and was not sinning? Good to hear. 
Are you really trying to say it's not a sin to take another human being as property? 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is there a passage to suggest that taking other human beings as your own property is a-ok and trying to free those enslaved humans is a sin?

Where does it say to not free slaves? 
>Whoever steals a man and sells him, and anyone found in possession of him, shall be put to death.
>Exodus 21:16
That's not how it works. 

Are you really trying to suggest that slavery is not sinful?

You must be a troll.
I don't know, but I know in exodus, that's exactly what God told moses to do, and I'm sure Egypt had a law against trying to take away their slaves lol, or how about when is real disobeyed and God gave them over as slaves to the enemy, but when they started cryi by out to him and obeying, God sent someone to go save them. We don't know if Tubman was doing gods will, the Bible certainly doesn't support that Tubman sinned because of that.
[deleted]
Oh, so that's where it says the will of God is to capture human beings and treat them as your own property (and that's putting slavery into the absolute nicest terms possible). 

Oh wait, that's not what it says. 

Try again. 
[deleted]
So you don't have anything that says slavery is a-ok? That's what I thought. 

Allowing and being tolerant to slavery is far and away more of a sin than freeing them would be (since freeing them isn't a sin at all). 

Nowhere does it say to tolerate such injustice to humanity. 

Your stance has no ground to stand on. 

I just started a christian club and was wondering if anyone would be interesting in joining! It's clean gaming environment for anyone interested! Pm me in game at "cheesepeople" if you're interested. The clan is called 1:16 after the verse in Romans.
Cool idea! I don't play that game, but good luck to you with this!
I would love to, but I dont play enough. I do play overwatch though, if anyone else plays. 
He is 10 and believes in God, and always wants to know more.  He's been having trouble lately with probably the most common question and I'm having trouble answering it... Why does God let bad things happen to good people?  I want to put it in simple terms for him. 
 He's a smart kid who speaks his mind.  Help me out here?
We come to understand God by experiencing what God is not.
While saying that all people are bad is theologically correct (at least from a Calvinist standpoint), I've never found it particularly satisfying -- at the least, there's a lot more that can be unearthed from that perspective.

There's also the issue that we are living under Grace, and perfect justice were to come, it would be difficult (this view basically states that the return of Christ, and the tribulations of the end times are the fulfillment of justice for the world, that Christ is returning to bring justice, but that justice means that He *must* judge and condemn the wicked practices of men.

Another angle that I think of, Antigen325, is the fact that God has one incredibly limited resource: the number of men and women in the earth that 1) know the will of God (both in big and small contexts) and 2) are willing to do it. This kind of goes along with the verse that states, how will they hear, unless someone preaches, and how will they preach unless they are sent? God works through humanity for humanity's benefit. Another element of this is that we have a personal responsibility to make the world a better place. God is working redemption on the earth even now, and He is working it **through** *us*, although this work will not be perfected until He returns!

I don't have kids, so I haven't had to think this through in terms of an answer that a child would understand, but I think it through a lot on my own. This issue (called Theodicy by theologians and philosophers) is a really big issue to me, and has always bothered me somewhat, although He is who He is, and I trust Him. :)

If I had kids, I'd probably say something to the effect that God doesn't **want** bad things to happen to good people, and that He is doing **everything** that He can in the time we are living in to make it better -- one of the things He is doing is using **YOU** and equipping you to heal the brokenhearted and set the captives free!! :) :) :)
Great question! The problem of evil is something that lots of people struggle with. Depending on his level of sophistication, you may want to sort through the answers that you'll be given, but I'll kind of dump it all out for you.

One option is to point out that there no good people. The Bible makes it very clear that every person is a sinner (Romans 3:23, for starters), and that we are all in need of God's forgiveness. Now this doesn't often convince many people, but it is an important thing to know.

The second thing to talk about is that we make choices and sometimes those choices hurt people. Whether it's as simple as hitting someone else or as complex as choosing to knock over a tree which diverts a stream which contaminates a river which causes parasites in the nearby population, our choices have consequences and those consequences are often bad. You could talk to him about the Fall and how God originally intended the world to be a beautiful wonderful place but that through our sin the world has become broken, but this sometimes leads to a lengthy and distracting conversation on the question of the literal meaning of the early chapters of Genesis. 

A more complex answer would be to remind him that we do not live in a "karmic" world. We don't live in a world where only good things happen to good people and only bad things happen to bad people. The Bible talks about this a lot: God causes His rain to fall on both the righteous and the ungodly (Matthew 5:45, or basically the whole book of Job). We haven't been promised that kind of world. If you want to, you could press him to think through how weird and silly such a world would be. A baby is born; does that baby deserve to have its mother love it, or abandon it? It hasn't done anything good or evil, so technically it doesn't deserve anything. Of course the mother should love it, but doesn't that mean that something good has happened to someone who didn't do something good? This line of thinking essentially boils down to "sometimes, things just happen".

There's a lot of resources on this question on various apologetics sites on the web. I've really enjoyed the work of William Lane Craig, of reasonablefaith.org. Whether you're interested in creationism or not, I've also found a surprising amount of good Christian apologetics unrelated to creationism on creation.com. I'm sure others can suggest others to you.
10 years old...
I would probably say that many bad things happen, not because of God, but because of the world is broken and people do bad things to each other.
I mean, you know that this is all a consequence of sin and being separated from God, that the world is the way it is. You also know that noone is perfect even though we call some people good.
But it is easy to slip into a philosophy of be good and your life will be good. And that is just not how it is.
Sometimes bad things can push you into a better direction and in hindsight you see it was not so bad.
But sometimes there is no answer to the question, but rather that it was not God who caused us pain, but the world or ourselves and that God is the one who heals us from the pain and dries our tears.
Bad things happen because this is a fallen world. And evil people do evil things.  We have free will to do whatever evil we choose.  But we will have to answer for what we have done at the great white throne. 

Also, this life is a shadow of what is to come.  Perseverance here reaps rewards in the next life. 
I suggest beliefmap.org. It's an excellent resource for walking through questions. 
I think you can speak about the fact that the world is not perfect because the presence of sin ruins that. I wouldn't focus on the free will arguments because they fail when it comes to natural evil (a tsunami, earthquake, etc.) but rather on the world itself being fallen. God is good in that he is rescuing that world.

Also, don't be afraid to tell your kid "I don't know".
I've been thinking about it recently. And it's brought me to another question. How week could we relate to each other if we didn't go through suffering? By going through suffering our compassion grows to other people in the same situation. By going through trials it give you wisdom to show the Father's heart to those suffering too. 
> While saying that all people are bad is theologically correct (at least from a Calvinist standpoint)

Is that not an exhaustively Christian standpoint? That all have fallen short of the glory of God, that all have been corrupted by sin? Pelagius was declared a full-on heretic long before the Church split. I know Arminians hold Total Depravity exactly the same way Calvinists do, but it is not everyone?
>God works through humanity for humanity's benefit. Another element of this is that we have a personal responsibility to make the world a better place. God is working redemption on the earth even now, and He is working it through us, although this work will not be perfected until He returns!

I explained that without free will, love isn't even possible.  That if we had no choice but to obey, then the concept of good/evil falls apart because we wouldn't know the difference.  He looked totally confused!  I think explaining that God wants to work through us to make the world a better place will make a whole lot more sense to him.  Thanks for this :)
Not saying it isn't completely a christian standpoint, just that the theological answer isn't always the one that satisfies the heart, particularly when talking to a child.

I'm not a theologian, so I don't know the nuances of calvinist belief, although I know there is a certain range, and some are more firm on some elements of the TULIP than others.

But I guess what I'm really getting at is that as a christian, the real breakthroughs in my life didn't come from hearing a theological explanation (although I *love* theology), but from an experience in God in that area. When you've **experienced** God's goodness, God's love, God's grace and mercy, even God's terror, it gives theology **wings**.
SO welcome! Glad I was able to be of help -- and this coming from the guy who often (and unfortunately) talks above **adults'** heads! ;)

If you want depth to Christian songs, you should read the old hymns. But for like CCM type music a couple of my favourites are - 

FFH

Chris Rice 

Stephen Curtis Chapman


I've found worship music (created by churches) to be significantly more genuine than "Christian radio". But yes, raw honesty and pain and suffering are important. It's not always joy and victory and prosperity in the Christian life, and it's important that we stand together in our struggles as much as in our triumphs. Though I'll be honest, most Christians I know could do better in their "standing together in triumph" moments. It's like most Christians are happy to cry with you, but they'll rarely celebrate with you.
Have you tried bands like Demon Hunter, Project 86, Stavesacre?

All Christian, but very good music and some of it has crossed over.  Lots of talent. 
I think there's a PLACE for it, and I think it can be powerful and beautiful. But I'm not convinced there's a MARKET for it, and that's ultimately what matters when it comes to whether we will actually be hearing such music.
I think there is a lot of terrible music in the CCM realm. Unfortunately, Christian industries are not exempted from corruption, and I see a lot going on in the CCM industry that happens in the secular one. I could be wrong, but that's how it seems. That said, there are really fantastic Christian Artists, you just have to know where to look.      


Some of my suggestions: 

Rock:        
Kings Kaleidoscope.    
Ghost ship (specifically the Good Kind album).     
Sufjan Stevens (ish)       
Sojourn.     


Rap:.    

Lecrae (especially Anamoly and Church Clothes 3).     


Shai Linne (especially Lyrical Theology volume I)


I have firsthand knowledge of songwriters failing to sell a love song, returning to the studio to tweak the lyrics and switch it to a Christian song, then finding a buyer for it. It's a business like any other. Some of the songs we sing at church were originally written about a girl and then later changed to be about Jesus.
There is definitely a place for that!
There is also a lot of Christian music that does have that, it's just not what you hear on Joy.fm all the time, but a lot of times it is.

Things like that song "broken together," and songs by Jars of clay and Gungor are some that strike me, but Worship Music is just honest lyrics-from-your-bones, and that's what "Christian" music is fully, in essence.

Away from mainstream and worship music, a lot of Christian rappers like Mineo, Eminem, or even Lecrae (read his autobiography: really good) are vulnerable, or more hardcore rock or metal bands are really legit sometimes, even possibly swinging to the other side of the "fake" fence and being overly "vulnerable," or more "dark," in a way that's contrived.

I personally find the lyrics of Twenty One Pilots incredibly deep, incredibly realistic in a way most Christian songs don't present themselves to me, and engaging: old and new stuff, I recommend.

The most you can do is to pray to God to give them a revelation and share the gospel with them. Unfortunately you can't pray someone into heaven if they don't believe. If they are dead well then I'm sorry but they have already chosen their path and are in heaven or hell.
If they are in another religion, then they are most likely praying also. All Christian denominations believe in the same God. The God of the Old Testament is worshipped by Christians, Jews, and Muslims. Yes, even Muslims are praying to a God. The founder was a son of Abraham.
If they are alive, pray to God that they will be converted and change:

> But if the wicked man turns away from all the sins he has committed, if he keeps all my statutes and does what is just and right, he shall surely live. He shall not die! None of the crimes he has committed shall be remembered against him; he shall live because of the justice he has shown. Do I find pleasure in the death of the wicked—oracle of the Lord God? Do I not rejoice when they turn from their evil way and live?

> And if the just turn from justice and do evil, like all the abominations the wicked do, can they do this evil and still live? None of the justice they did shall be remembered, because they acted treacherously and committed these sins; because of this, they shall die. You say, “The Lord’s way is not fair!” Hear now, house of Israel: Is it my way that is unfair? Are not your ways unfair? When the just turn away from justice to do evil and die, on account of the evil they did they must die. But if the wicked turn from the wickedness they did and do what is right and just, they save their lives; since they turned away from all the sins they committed, they shall live; they shall not die. 

[Ezekiel 18](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ezekiel+18&version=NABRE)

If they are dead, pray to God for their soul:

> And making a gathering, he sent twelve thousand drachms of silver to Jerusalem for sacrifice to be offered for the sins of the dead, thinking well and religiously concerning the resurrection,
(For if he had not hoped that they that were slain should rise again, it would have seemed superfluous and vain to pray for the dead,)
And because he considered that they who had fallen asleep with godliness, had great grace laid up for them. It is therefore a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed from sins.

[2 Maccabees 12](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2+Maccabees+12&version=DRA)
As /u/00va has stated, all we can do is pray that God will give them understanding so that they will see the truth. 

Nowhere in Scripture does it give teaching to pray that God will forgive an non-believers sins, only God can do that if they themselves ask God for it in faith believing. 

It would be wonderful if this however was the case that we could "pray them into heaven" but it must be by their own choice and belief. God gave us Free Will for a reason, He wants us to WANT to follow Him, and not by coercion or by some robotic impulse. He wants us to love Him because we love Him, to choose Him personally. And only then can one be saved and forgiven when we personally choose Christ and believe in Him. 
Yes brother anybody can be saved by god's embrace. God bless my brother
Billy Graham said it this way:

"I think James answered that, the Apostle James in the first council in Jerusalem, when he said that God's purpose for this age is to call out a people for His name. And that's what God is doing today, He's calling people out of the world for His name, whether they come from the Muslim world, or the Buddhist world, or the Christian world or the non-believing world, they are members of the Body of Christ because they've been called by God. They may not even know the name of Jesus but they know in their hearts that they need something that they don't have, and they turn to the only light that they have, and I think that they are saved, and that they're going to be with us in heaven." --Billy Graham


I understand that the opposite position (the exclusivist position) also finds strong scriptural support, but others have already presented that one. I figured I would fill in with the view that was missing from this discussion.
The contents of the verse(s) you quoted exceed the 6000 character limit. Instead, here are links to the verse(s)!

- [Ezekiel 18 (RSVCE)](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ezekiel+18&version=RSVCE)

- [2 Maccabees 12 (RSVCE)](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2 Maccabees+12&version=RSVCE)


***
[^Code](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot) ^| [^Contact ^Dev](/message/compose/?to=kono_hito_wa) ^| [^Usage](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/README.md) ^| [^Changelog](https://github.com/konohitowa/versebot/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) ^| ^All ^texts ^provided ^by [^BibleGateway](http://biblegateway.com) ^and [^Bible ^Hub](http://biblehub.com)^. 


^(Devotional written by 2cor2_1) 

-------------------------

The one greatest issue and trial of human life is the pain of anxiety, stress, fear, depression, and discouragement. And why is that? How does this happen? 

Stress and depression, the ultimate outcome of all the other issues, is a daily compilement of our worries and problems. An adding to the pile of worries every day to create a great burden of stress and depression. This is what the human mind does, it refuses to let go of that which causes us mental stress and pain. This mortal flesh is our greatest enemy, yet it is our earthly dwelling, and yet it seeks to destroy itself through hanging on to all that which causes it grief. It’s illogical, senseless, and downright stupid but yet we do it willingly to ourselves every day all day long. 

Where can we find relief from all this? We find it in a choice that is made every single day, but oftentimes we choose not to follow through with the relief. 

We call them our “Daily Devotions”, indicating that it’s a choice and a desire to serve and devote our worship to the Lord each and every individual day. Our Daily Bread, the Word of God, is chosen to be served in our lives each morning. Why is it that it’s worded that way? Why is it not just a continuation from each day to the next, instead of a new beginning every day?

* Luke 9:23) **And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.** 

To renounce oneself daily, due to the corruption of the flesh, upon waking there is yet again a choice made to walk with God in this new day. And yet why is it that we make the choice daily, Scripture says that His mercies endure forever, that He will never leave us nor forsake us. He is always by our side and the Spirit of God lives within us, so why is it to be a renewal every day?

* Lamentations 3:22-23) **It is of the LORD'S mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not. They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.** 

The old is past, the new has come, each day is new and is a time of renewed life. The mercies of God are for each day, as we have no idea what is going to come or happen. Our life is a vapour that billows in the wind, and by the mercies of God we are not destroyed or blown away by the onslaught of sin. Each day is a new battle and the war is waged every morning, and we are to forget the past and push ever onward each and every dawn. 

* Matthew 6:34) **Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.** 

* Philippians 3:13-14) **Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.** 

God forgets the past, forgives our sin, and washes clean and bright each and every day. The past only lives in our minds and worries, and we are told to forget them and live alone in Christ. He seals our minds and hearts with His strength and power, He shields our lives and takes vengeance upon our enemies, and He is infinite in forgiveness and mercy and is desiring to start anew each and every day. 

Each day should be like the first day with the Lord, energized to serve and worship and walk with Him. Our minds picture a long and endless road that the Lord helps us to walk, but in reality it is a short one that starts over every day. Renew your life, forget the past, and wake up each morning looking forward to a new journey, a new life, a new beginning, and a new walk with God refreshed all new and bright by His power and mercies.

* Isaiah 43:18) **Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old.** 

* Isaiah 43:25) **I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins.** 

* Hebrews 8:12) **For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.** 

All our troubles should be forgotten, all that pains us let loosed, and that which troubles our minds should be cast upon Him that is able to care for and bear our burdens. 

* 1Peter 5:7) **Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.** 

* Psalms 55:22) **Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.** 

* 1John 1:9) **If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.** 

Cleansed from all unrighteousness, all that which is not of God. All our sins washed away, all our stress removed, all our burdens lifted, and nothing to be worried of…..is the outcome of a proper choice that is made if we are willing to make it. 

This is the offer of God, but most times we desire to hold on to our worries because we love to worry, love to fret, love to fear, love to build up this great fortress of fear and doubt. We build this massive construct of worries with hallways and rooms of made up issues in our mind, thinking of possible outcomes of mistakes we made, looking to the future and playing almost a psychic game of personal fears. 

But God said to forget the past.

But God said to live for today.

But God said to leave your cares and burdens with Him.

But God said…

* Matthew 6:30-34) **Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith? Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.** 

Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. The evils of each day exist only for that day, because His mercies cleanse each and every morning, therefore forget the past and look not to the future, but live for this day. 

This is what God says, but are we going to obey it? The choice is yours to make in the morning.

~God Bless


I listen to this song everyday!
This song has helped bring me back to center in times of stress and doubt. Last night I could not stop  getting chills from it during my devotion. Her voice will never not give me chills. Enjoy, God Bless :)
Thanks. 
Colossians 3:15
“Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you; he will never let the righteous be shaken.”
‭‭Psalm‬ ‭55:22‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/psa.55.22.niv

“For I am the LORD your God who takes hold of your right hand and says to you, Do not fear; I will help you. Do not be afraid, you worm Jacob, little Israel, do not fear, for I myself will help you,” declares the LORD, your Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel.”
‭‭Isaiah‬ ‭41:13-14‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/isa.41.13-14.niv

““Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life? “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.”
‭‭Matthew‬ ‭6:25-34‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/mat.6.25-34.niv

“Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.”
‭‭1 Peter‬ ‭5:7‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/1pe.5.7.niv

Instead of relying on a bible verse to make you feel better, I believe what would help you the most is to find God and repent for your sins. Then get to know Jesus personally, once you meet Jesus give him your worries and you won't be anxious and afraid. because God will give you rest.
 " All things have been entrusted to Me by My Father. No one knows the Son except the Father, and no one knows the Father except the Son and those to whom the Son chooses to reveal Him. (28) Come to Me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. (29) Take My yoke upon you and learn from Me; for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.… (Matthew 11:27-29)
Start with repenting and then ask God to reveal himself to you so that once you meet god, anxiety and being scared is something God will relieve you of.
My favorite is the second and third.
Thank you so much for these words. I am a born again Christian, but sometimes the burden of this world and trials can discourage you. Thank you and continue preaching the word of God. 
A close friend, who is a Protestant, speaks of the need for confessing not only to God, but making it "more real" by also confessing those sins to his pastor. He said he feels like verbally confessing sins holds himself more accountable. While there is some scriptural basis for confessing to others as well as to God, it's a bit hard for me to wrap my head around a true need for this. 

Thoughts?
“Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective.”
‭‭James‬ ‭5:16‬ ‭NIV‬‬
http://bible.com/111/jas.5.16.niv
As a philosophy student in a Christian university, I think that it is an acceptable practice, and that if he is confessing a habitual sin, that is a good way to break it as a habit; however, I fon't believe it is a doctrinally required practice.
James is the best. Such a source of strength.
Agreed. Doctrine, no, but maybe a decent habit to help break sinful ways. When in the context of James 5:16, it seems like good practice. 

Confession to be allowed access to Jesus is wrong, but confessing because you are close to Jesus is good.  

I'd say - 

* Because your Son the Lord Jesus Christ has washed my sins away when I accepted Him as my Lord and Saviour. And now as a child of God I am worthy to enter the Kingdom due to the righteousness of Christ and His saving grace being bestowed upon me.
I think, if God were before me, that, before I even knew it, I would fall on my face and be too overwhelmed to speak at all.
I don't deserve to be allowed in your kingdom
I bet God will show off and make something better than the animals here. 

Edit: I misplaced my comment lol. 
Can my dog come too? He can't read or understand anything about religion, so he can't believe in you... But he has guided me faithfully through life, since you, Lord God, deigned to have me born blind. 
Yer darn tootin'
BUT, Jesus is the way to you Father, so through his sacrifice I humbly enter. 
You guys would be disappointed to find out God in flesh can't really raise the dead or cure diseases or come back to life if you murder him - that's [all white lies to offset the murderous lies of the Torah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raPsmrPNR7w) so that people who believed in Moses may be saved from walking in [his path of terror, rape, plunder, vandalism, and murder and lose eternal life.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAQJ8oVQYOM)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXx6gIfxynE
Wait wait.... how did you type this 

God bless
Even if it's true, I doubt you would be able to say that
Hey bro I respect you and your opinion. You take care. :)
Science and technology have provided me with tools to be able to type without sight. 
It is scripture. It is holding onto his promise of life. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXx6gIfxynE
you're right it is scripture. but even as someone that's saved, you would probably still be ashamed of all your sin and not be able to say anything.
>[**I Shot the Sheriff - Eric Clapton [4:24]**](http://youtu.be/OXx6gIfxynE)

> [*^The ^Imperial ^Cult*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7BT2yoQDuKnrUsl09J5lfg) ^in ^People ^& ^Blogs

>*^4 ^views ^since ^Apr ^2017*

[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)

Well Scripture does explain this quite clearly - 

* 1 Corinthians 2:12-14) "**Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual. But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them,** ***because they are spiritually discerned.***"

Perhaps he lacked the #1 important aspect to understand the Holy Word of God, he didn't listen to or didn't have the Spirit of God in the first place. 
The link goes to a 404.
I thought perhaps he was burning s specific translation / version of the Bible. I have multiple copies of the NIV, but I simply make it clear to anyone who picks one up that there's some fishy business with that version.
I agree, I think he's only looking for cheap popularity



Easter 2017 has successfully arrived. Tis the season to celebrate Jesus. Wait. Shouldn't that be everyday? #AFreshVoice

https://afreshvoiceblog.wordpress.com/2017/04/16/time-to-rise

Hi All,

Is anybody else dealing with increased anxiety at what appears to be end time events? 

I mean, I believe Jesus will return soon (I believe what endtime.com teaches) and I believe WW3 (the Euphrates river war) and the Israel Palestinian agreement are close. 

I'm anticipating a bunch of comments saying 'don't worry about what you can't control' and 'even Jesus said, 'don't panic' when you hear about wars and rumours of wars (Matthew 24). 

But i'm not really panicked about the events, I know what ever happens, I am safe in Christ, as I am born again. However, I am panicked by how unreceptive my friends and family are to the message of Jesus. With the knowledge that my time on earth is finite and that I think there actually isn't all that long left at all... this panics me. 

I know all the stock standard responses like 'talk to the Lord about it' and 'salvation is God's work' and all the rest but..

I more just want to hear if anyone else is feeling the same way. It would be comforting to hear that others are feeling the same way.

I know there is great evangelism work to do and great 'exploits' (to use that term) to be done.. yet every ear seems to be closed. Every heart cold. I am a bit of a newbie at hard out evangelism, any tips? Should I be praying more? Is that the secret? Damage the spiritual chains on people in the spiritual realm by prayer first?



Why would a third world war spell the end? We've already survived 2, and there are currently 2.2 billion Christians (yes I know the number is skewed a little) currently living, which is more than have ever walked the earth before with currently large revivals happening in Asia and the Pacific. 
I do not feel terrific anxiety about the end being particularly near, no. I don't think the signs are there.

I am concerned about the salvation of my friends and loved ones, and there's plenty of urgency just on the "what if you step in front of a bus" side of things. 

Hard out evangelism is a bad idea. North American society (I am assuming your location based on the statistical majority of reddit and you not mentioning your location) is largely closed to Christianity because of the many ways it doesn't make any sense to them. The very basic idea of Christianity, that we need a saviour, is rejected by much of our populace. I don't know what the answer is, but I do trust God to do His work in His time. 

Prayer is almost always the answer. Despite what some would tell you, we know shockingly little about the evangelism or even the sermons of the apostles. We don't know anything about their tone or body language, and the modern audience is different enough that the tactics bear significant revision anyway (just as Paul spoke differently to Jews than he did to Greeks). 
Yes I do feel the same. And you are right about the upcoming events that lead to it. I've looked into many articles on the deep evil that controls most of what is going on....this is a long deep discussion I can talk about for hours...all I want to say is, you are not alone. Pray, always. 
Hey brother, I have family members too who are not following Christ right now and I can say that worrying only hurts you. Matthew 21:22 "And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.". If you put your faith on God when you pray, you will get whatever you ask! Don't be worried! His knowledge is far beyond yours so trust in him and all will be good.
> I am panicked by how unreceptive my friends and family are to the message of Jesus. With the knowledge that my time on earth is finite and that I think there actually isn't all that long left at all... this panics me. 

Don't worry about any "end times" - worry about [repenting any love you might have of the false prophet Moses.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NentEiDb8bw)

I'm God in flesh apparently - but I can't [grant you three wishes or anything](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtwGue0kiqk&index=1&list=PL2aPGhIATznYb2dpWjZJZJtCF7XRaAkzL) - that's all white lies because the "Old Testament" is full of so many murderous lies - I'm just a regular mortal god - ["divine police" - like Pharaoh or Jesus or Caesar.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJKmOrFVc4w)  The meaning of the gospels is first and foremost salvation from the sin of following Moses who is/was a mass murderer, rapist, and plunderer.  Unfortunately the church doesn't seem to be very wise to the fact that you can't love both Moses and Jesus and you shouldn't be getting Bibles including the vast majority of the Old Testament distributed to you at all - and Paul has more than a few questionable things.

The point is, "witches" are real - [God gives them the illusion of control over natural powers to prove they are from God](http://imgur.com/a/3pmeK) but it's hard to prove they "have powers" without modern technology to capture these events.   But prophets and "witches" are mortal and the Moses book tells people to murder them and/or ignore them - so that's how the world's entire course got thrown off by the Jews' psycho-killer story about a talking burning bush and commands to [kill anyone who disputes the psycho-killer story.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sD5XRZBm13w)

**"This statement is the word of God."**

See?  Anyone can write that - but most people who believe in God wouldn't imagine blaspheming God in such a way if they didn't have authority to claim their words are the word of God - that's why the Moses story and law is so dangerous because it isn't the word of God and never has been.  Before there was Moses there were Kings and Emperors who were "gods" - like Pharaoh and Caesar or ancient Chinese and Japanese Emperors - everyone expected them to die and everyone expected they could be murdered.  I'm not sure all of them were the best or all of them actually were "organically apotheosized" - but [I can prove I've been appointed "a god" by powers beyond human.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-geWCdpiPI)
We are entering the end times, true Christians are far and few between (if you love me [Jesus] you will follow my commandments, Paul said the law is fulfilled in love thy neighbor as thyself).

We are entering the end times because the message Jesus taught is no longer being taught in the tabernacles. 

What message could you evangelize other than the wrong one you were probably taught and not the one in the bible?

When the day comes and you are given the choice to be killed or to take a mark, be killed. This is what Jesus talks about, he who would save his life shall lose it, and he who would lose his life shall save it.

Other than that, all you can do is try to actually follow the teachings of the bible and follow Jesus' commandments. When the tribulations come, help everyone you can.

After all the saved people have been killed, or go into hiding, it'll get worst.

Think of ot this way, though. Out of the... trillions? of people on the earth there are two special groups, the ones at the beginning, Adam and Eve, and the ones at the end. Only those beheaded for Christ shall reign with him during the millenial reign.
Maybe take a look at endtime.com and the end of the age podcasts on iTunes if you have time. According to their interpretation of prophecy, WW3 won't be the end, it will be the entry ramp for the anti Christ and the one world government and one world religion and the tribulation. After ww1 the League of Nations and ww2 the UN were set up to try and avoid another world war; they reason that why else would people willingly accept the one world government prophesied in Daniel, and the mark of the beast? Anyway that's one interpretation, I think it's probably correct but will wait and see.

Oh is that right about the revivals? That's good. I hear similar things in the Muslim community around the world.

Do you believe in a rapture or anything like that?
No I'm in NZ, should have put that above, our cultures are very different yet also similar in some aspects, in that Christians are treated anywhere on the sliding scale from 'you are entitled to what you want to believe' to '*&$&@** Christians'... No one is really interested... Because I guess it takes a spiritual awakening rather than an intellectual one before anyone draws towards God... 

But yes I do remember thinking, before I was a Christian, that, if Jesus was real, and heaven was real, and anyone knew what the purpose of life was, then wouldn't it be shouted from the roof tops? Maybe simplistic thinking but I am warming to the idea of just 'telling people', then you can say that you told them. Our culture is a bit legalistic like that - if something doesn't happen there's an inquiry and people are always quick to say, 'we'll if you knew that why didn't you say!' About normal everyday issues... That mindset crosses over to telling people about Jesus. I know I can almost guarantee I'll get a totally negative reaction for doing any public preaching but nobody is proclaiming publicly the amazing prophecies of Jesus' first coming and their amazing fulfilments... Quite honestly people need to know this stuff. I'll get publicly crucified (not literally) for doing it but... What better cause 
Mmm yes that's what I feel it is, a deep evil that is fighting a bit harder to keep me down and quiet. I feel like just lately, since i've felt the Spirit calling me to stand up and preach the message and fly in the face of the beast culture, i've felt and thought so many strange things. Not quite appropriate to put on here but I now get some disturbing dreams that are definitely not my own. And the anxiety and I get heart/chest pain from it. But i've just been attacked on a higher level and am just learning how to fight it. I mean I know Christ is in control and I think satan can only do what god lets him do anyway, but still that's good to hear at least one other person I know who is going through the same things. Just makes it feel a bit less like one man against the world haha. Yes and the deeper I go with Christ the more the scales fall of my eyes and I see how this evil has infiltrated mankind and our culture.. movies, music, drugs, alcohol, sexual sin... all snares and baits of the enemy to wreck us. Sometimes I feel a bit like Neo (to use a crude movie analogy)... lots of people walk around completely oblivious to what's really going on...
Thanks man, very useful 
No longer taught in the tabernacles? What do you mean by that? Is there a passage which says the message will not be taught in the tabernacles in the end time?

Well that's exactly it, I don't like a lot of 'mainstream' christianity, it puts me off, it's so... GAY. I know that's not an appropriate or respectful term to use, especially about fellow brothers and sister in Christ, but i'm not saying that about the people, i'm saying that about the 'spirit' of 'mainstream Christianity' in NZ. It's no wonder people get turned off, everyone's so 'nice'. I mean, you get a bit suspicious of these 'effeminate nice men' being nice 100% of the time. Do you know what I mean? Do you have anything similar in US? (assume you are american?) Well anyway the point is yes there's this 'handed down' version of Christianity, this 'mainstream' version that has all its sayings and catchphrases, and it just seems so phony... I mean I wasn't raised christian or anything like that, I came at it from the outside so I know what it's like looking in on it. So I know what you mean about preaching the 'wrong' message. 

Yep I agree, I think that's what's gonna happen too, no pre-trib rapture (well I hope there is but i'm doubtful, I can't really seem to find any convincing passages to support it, am more convinced it's one in the same as the second coming). So yes I think we live through the rapture, and I think Matt. 24 talks about this, it says we will be handed over. Quite possibly because we have refused the mark, and we will be hated through all the world. And then where it talks about the message being preached to all the world, I think maybe this is the two witnesses. 'And then the end will come' - Jesus' return. And then the catching up. 

Yes agree the saints will reign in the millennial kingdom.

I just am getting really fired up about doing something big and bold for the Lord. I have met with some success - when I can show someone that the Bible actually predicted Jesus' first coming, and show it, then the scales start coming off the eyes. 

But only ever in the context of friendship does this happen.. I think maybe you have to earn the right to be heard... 

What are your thoughts about the rapture? And have you met with any success with 'evangelism'? (I think even this needs a less phony rebrand) 
By no longer taught in the Tabernacle I mean that mainstream christian churches no longer teach that you have to love your brother as yourself to be saved, they consider that "works" rather than simply trying not to sin. Most modern day "Christian" religions teach that Jesus wasn't talking to us, he was talking to the Jews. They have this thing called dispensationalism which they think means the bible doesn't apply to them anymore. It is a very sad state of affairs.

From talking on christian forums with different religions it seems that no mainstream christian religion teaches that you have to love your neighbor as yourself to be saved. They are teaching something along the lines of, you repent, ask Jesus into your heart and you are saved, nothing else required. They ignore where Jesus says not everyone who cries Lord Lord will enter the kingdom of God but those that do the will of the father. They ignore Paul when he says that once we come to a knowledge of the truth there is no forgiveness for willful sin (although I beleve we can repent from that willful sin and be forgiven, but sinning becasue we want to is the broad path to destruction).

The catholic church may teach that you have to love your neighbor as yourself, but they have this thing, if you willfully sin all you have to do is go to confession and all is good again. Not biblical. The main reason is because that is not true repentance. You sin because you want to.

That is what I mean by we are in the end times, the truth is no longer being taught.

I do agree with you that a lot of people in churches are fake, they do lip service as weekend christians. There are some, however, that are true Christians, that love their neighbors as themselves. You may get lucky and run across a church full of them, but in most churches they are the minority.

In American churches there usually are not "effeminate nice men" because being effeminate is not a good thing.

But, yes, this 'handed down' version of christianity, I think we are talking about the same thing. People say the words, the catch phrases, but when they go home they act like everyone else in the world. Calling yourself a christian does not save you. Anyone can call themselves a christian.

The message being preached to all the world, that has already happened. The bible has been spread to all nations. I do not believe there is a country in the world that hasn't heard about Jesus, well, except maybe for North Korea. But I beleive that has already come, the message being taught to all the world.

The rapture I see as complicated. If you read revelation there are two reapings of christians. I believe the first one is when people refuse the mark of the beast and are beheaded or go into hiding. The second one I am not sure of, it may be the 7th trumpet at the end. The rapture, however, I believe takes place at the 7th trumpet. I find it hard to see, however, how two are walking, one is left, one is taken, at the end of the world when most Christians are gone. Maybe it wasn't as much as half but an example.

No, I do not look forward to the rapture taking me from the trials and tribulations. Jesus said that we must go through them.

As for evangelism, I've brought a few people to the Lord, but honestly not that many. There are so many preachers teaching the wrong message that it's hard to tell people the way of salvation.

I'll give an example. I met a man and I figured out rather quickly that he was a con man, but I just meh'ed and went along with it, trying to figure out how I could bring a good example to him. He wound up taking around $900 and leeaving town, no big deal to me, I don't lust money, was living by Luke 6:30 "Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back."

Anyway, this guy leaves town, I'm talking about him to someone who knew him and he asked me why I gave him the money? I quoted Luke 6:30 but also said, this is a man who earns his living by stealing and conning, he is on his way to hell. He replied, well, no, once you're saved your sins don't count against you, or the like *sigh*. I spent the next few days trying to explain the true meaning of salvation, of becoming a new creation, of changing our lives, of walking the narrow path, etc... but with all the falsehoods the preachers are spreading it is hard for anyone to know the truth.

The only way to know the truth is to study it for yourself. Most people do not, they take a pastors word for it. When a pastor says "love thy neighbor as thyself" was only talking to the jews, they don't have discernment enough to know better.
'Love your brother as yourself to be saved' - Do you think you have to love your brother as yourself to be saved?

Yes i've heard this 'rightly dividing the word of God' talk, and that Paul went first to the Jews and then to the Gentiles. I'm really not sure about it... quite honestly the more I hear of these new 'ideas' the less I believe them... why are people complicating it so much? What's wrong with just reading your Bible, and just taking what you get from it? It's almost like now, we are so lazy that instead of reading the Bible, we turn on youtube and get our bible study from there. Nothing wrong with hearing from someone who has more knowledge of the Word, but I do wonder if that is replacing the bread and butter basics of investigating it for yourself. 

And I think maybe this is what's to blame for this 'mainstream Christianity' - just people parroting what they've heard in church and on podcasts. Not sure it's totally all a bad thing but... for instance, I never knew about the Euphrates river war or knew the meaning of the prophecies in Daniel until I investigated endtime.com, and if their interpretation is correct, then WW3 may be upon us shortly. But I have taken the time to listen and investigate, and judge what they are saying. I really don't know how all those events will play out and i'm trying to stay on guard so i'm not subtly carried away into deception. 

The only negative thing I would say about endtime.com and Irvin Baxter is that he asks for money. Now I now he has a right to make a living, and why shouldn't he, if he has put the hours of study into it in the first place. And quite honestly how else is he going to do that if he doesn't charge for the materials? But it is a bit of a hard sell, which doesn't totally sit right with me, but... maybe it is my attitude that is wrong, and really he does deserve to make a living from devoting his life to the study of the Bible. 

Yeah that's a good point, if the Christians who are beheaded are gone, the 'two are walking' bit doesn't quite fit... unless they don't catch all of us during the tribulation? Many places to hide in the world maybe? why would we be walking with an unsaved person who would dob us in to the authorities? Confusing this bit will have to do some reading

That's a great story about the con man. Often I find that is the nest time to strike, is when you do something totally out of the selfish self serving way of the world, like shout people at work coffee for no reason... people want to know why i'm doing it - they search for the hidden reason! 

Well actually over the last couple of days since I posted the original post, I think God has been trying to show me the ideal situations to tell people about Jesus. I think you are right, people are so sick of 'the message' and in this day of information overload, no one cares about yet another thing demanding something of them. But you look at what people willingly spend their time on - entertainment, things that hook them in and make them feel good, live shows, etc... I think maybe the answer in some contexts is to show rather than tell... to love people with no hidden agenda behind your actions... which seems to arrest people's attention... Maybe there is a place for public preaching but I don't imagine it would look anything like a crazy man preaching that the end is nigh... what's the old saying, you catch more flies with honey than vinegar?

Maybe that is our message to preach now... what's that other saying? 'Preach the gospel, and if you have to, use words'
"Do you think you have to love your brother as yourself to be saved?" Lets ask Jesus.

Matthew 19:16And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life? 17And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments. 18He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, 19Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

Jesus in Matthew 19, in no uncertain terms, said we must love our neightbors as ourselves to inherit eternal life. A clear reading of the word shows that. So, yes, I do believe that we must love our neighbor/brother as ourselves to be saved. Jesus said it, I believe it, that's good enough for me.

People have invented this thing called "Dispensationalism" that is not biblical.  Yes, we have it a little easier because we know exactly what we must do to be saved, love thy neighbor as ourselves and when we can't come to Jesus for forgiveness. That is the narrow path to salvation. If you do no treat your fellow humans with kindness then God does not want you up in heaven treating others badly throughout eternity, nor would I. This world is a pain only because other people don't love each other as their selves. If they did this world would be the next side of paradise. Only because people mistreat others is this life miserable. That is why God allows some into heaven and others not, he allows those in that can place nice together.

I totally agree with you that the best answer is to show rather than tell. I've been spending the last three years studying the homeless problem and while doing so lived by example. I volunteered at shelters, food banks, etc... even though I was homeless. I have gotten into the habit of picking up trash when I see it because I don't like trash and it makes it nicer for everyone. There was a young gentlemen in his early 20's who saw me do this and made the remark, you know I pick up trash at times, I just don't do it where people can see me. Smiled, noded, said thank you. Talked to him later about God, he said he wasn't sure if there was one god or many gods so was confused as to who to worship. I made the point, well, there is only one God who created me, whoever He is, and that is who I worship, the rest I simply don't care about, only my creator. He kinda accepted that. Well, I left that town and moved on after I moved into an apartment for 8 months or so. A friend from the town kept in contact with me and told me this young man was now volunteering, that I had set an example he decided to follow. Show me your faith by your words and I will show you my faith by my actions.

The only message I give is to repent and start loving your neghbor as yourself and when you can't go to Jesus for forgiveness, that is the message of the bible. 

Baptism confuses me. I simply am not sure of it's place in salvation. I know we should be baptised as adults and every Christian should be baptised. I was baptised because Jesus asked me to, not because I understand it's meaning, and Jesus told me if I loved Him I would follow His commandments.

As far as endtime.com and such soon you won't have to worry about it at all, it will start unfolding and you won't wonder anymore. We are that close. Trump scares me and I am not sure that he won't be the last president of the united states as Babylon the Great falls.
That's a great story. The way God works in people's hearts is so mysterious to me, I like hearing stories like this, where one little action or comment is used by God to encourage someone to come closer. 

I'm actually working on my funeral speech at the moment, thought I should get things in order in case there is a pre-tribulation rapture (i'm not convinced there will be, but just in case), and along with the speech I will have someone read out, I also have a document that will be distributed to every attendee, and am also thinking of having a short version published somewhere public like the newspaper or a billboard or something like that. Anyhow this is the article i'm using - 

https://www.endtime.com/what-do-you-mean-born-again/

I see you said you were a bit confused by baptism; in this article there is a pretty decent and clear explanation of why it's done... interestingly I never really understood myself until now! 

And interesting comment about Babylon... it seems everywhere you turn and research at the moment, there is another person with another point of view or opinion on end time events and what's going to happen etc. So here is one more for you! I'm not really looking to get into arguments over things like this, I know stuff like this doesn't ultimately matter it the bigger picture, but here is one more opinion for you! (on Babylon)

https://www.endtime.com/mystery-babylon-who-is-it/


 
To give some context, I believe that God is real, it is just Christianity itself that I have doubts in

Here are all the things I have doubt in:

1. How can we believe in something that has no evidence? How are sure that everything in the bible is true.

2. If the bible was true, how come God has not shown us an easy for us to know that the Bible is the truth.

3. How does the Bible explain evolution? How does the Bible explain the changes in fossils that we see?
1: There is a great deal of eyewitness testimonial evidence. Think legal  definition of evidence, not scientific.

1b: For me personally, there is enough historical evidence that the Romans would not have assisted the Sanhedrin in a theft of the body, and enough biographical evidence that those 11 cowards had their lives totally changed and were absolutely convinced that I accept the story of the resurrection. That gives the guy who resurrected some credibility on the whole "I am God" thing. If He says the book is true, then I trust Him.

2: He has, see 1B above. I can go into more detail later if you like.

3: Microevolution within a species or genus (or dare I say, kind, as in "according to their kind" in Genesis 1) is a very different thing than macro evolution from sea slugs to humans. That said, you may find http://geraldschroeder.com/wordpress/?page_id=53 to be a VERY interesting take on the scientific meaning of "day" in Genesis 1, I certainly did.
1. The Bible has lots of evidence supporting it. Don't be fooled by those who say nothing in it is true. 

2. What would this "easy way" look like?

3. The Bible basically doesn't explain evolution. There are some problems with neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory, but let's just say it isn't as sure as the atheists would claim, and it isn't as foolish as the creationists would claim. For me, it has more to do with the evidence for the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus. If I'm absolutely convinced of the reality of that, then how we choose to harmonize the Biblical account of origins with what science discovers becomes significantly less important. 
There were 75 generations between Adam and Jesus.  Evolution and the earth being millions of years old is a lie.  The creator of carbon dating even stated that it's only reliable to a date of 4-6k years old. 

To answer your other questions we know Jesus was who he said he was through the disciples. To see someone like Paul completely change his life in the way he did, then someone truly magnificent must have had an impact on his life.  The rest in faith.  What is faith if proof is in front of you? 
The bible and Christianity are very incoherent in many ways. Even the concept of god is a paradox. It is said that God in omniscient and omnipotent (knows all and have all the power). So what is the reason for all the bad things that exist in our world? Why are there people that don't believe in God? If he was this powerful, he would made everyone believe in him. I don't pretend to offend anyone, I just wanted some answers. Besides that, evolution is undeniable.
We know historically that Jesus was in fact a man that was crucified and claimed to be "the Great I Am," and "Son of God." Knowing this historically, C.S. Lewis sums it up quite well:

[C. S. Lewis, speaking in 1942 (and published in Mere Christianity in 1952), gave the argument its most memorable formulation:](https://blogs.thegospelcoalition.org/justintaylor/2016/02/01/is-c-s-lewiss-liar-lord-or-lunatic-argument-unsound/)

[I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really foolish thing that people often say about Him: I’m ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher, but I don’t accept his claim to be God. That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher. He would either be a lunatic—on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg—or else he would be the Devil of Hell. You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God, but let us not come with any patronising nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to. . . . Now it seems to me obvious that He was neither a lunatic nor a fiend: and consequently, however strange or terrifying or unlikely it may seem, I have to accept the view that He was and is God. (Mere Christianity, 55-56)](https://blogs.thegospelcoalition.org/justintaylor/2016/02/01/is-c-s-lewiss-liar-lord-or-lunatic-argument-unsound/)

So, knowing the Jesus you know, what do you believe Him to be?
But having long hair does not harm anyone. Shouldn't God, at least, protect good people from being hurt by bad people? I don't know if you saw this on the news, but there were a chemical attack on Syria that killed about 72 people if I'm not mistaken. Some of them were children, who have absolutely no fault about what's going on there. Shouldn't god protect these people?
Even Satan and his demons believe God is real. Still it is natural for the strongest Christian to have doubts. Satan loves to attack our beliefs. 
> The Bible has lots of evidence supporting it.

Show me that evidence

> There are some problems with neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory, but let's just say it isn't as sure as the atheists would claim, and it isn't as foolish as the creationists would claim.

What are the problems with the neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory?
Exactly. You need to believe by faith. Then you will begin to understand as you allow God to teach you.
This is called the problem of evil and has been long since addressed. Some evil exists beacuse it produces good things in us. Annoying people teach us patience, bad times teach gratitude for the good ones, etc. Much evil is the consequence of abuse of free will to disobey God.

Free will is probably essential to the design purpose of the universe. Would you rather program Siri to tell you how great you are or have an actual woman surprise you by saying it? Why would God settle for less of a relationship than you would?

Also, from sidebar: r/Christian is now a haven for Christians on reddit. 

Might be best to phrase your doubts as questions instead of definitive statements so as not to appear to be attacking Christianity.
Look up the qualities of God. God gave us free will, so he can't force anyone. God is just, so he punishes those who do bad and rewards those who are good. God is also love and merciful, that is why he shines the sun on both bad and good. There are many many examples of God's attributes and their examples found in the Bible.
It's called free will, no one is forced to believe in God. The Bible talks about that.
>  Shouldn't God, at least, protect good people from being hurt by bad people? 

No. because that removes people's free will to be bad. Preventing evil would undo the entire point of all creation.
>Show me that evidence

Here you go, warning, it's a lot of reading:

http://www.icr.org/bible-history/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_the_Bible

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_Sea_Scrolls

Sources cited at the bottom of Wikipedia detail how's and why's for a longer and deeper education. Tons of related reading in the first link. It sounds like it might not be the case that you have trouble believing the Bible, but rather *don't want to go to the trouble of believing it?*
It looks like ninjoe87 has given you some interesting links to read on the evidence for the Bible, so unless you find those insufficient or feel they don't answer your question, I'll leave that alone.

> What are the problems with the neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory?

It's not a perfect scientific theory. Anyone who tells you it is, is more like than likely trying to use it as their own religion. *Gravity* isn't a perfect scientific theory, for crying out loud. I'm not saying that evolution is "wrong" or "evil" or anything like that, just trying to promote an honest view of it.

For me, the two main problems are the fossil record and the creativity. The fossil record, despite what we get constantly told by the media, is actually quite problematic for evolutionary theory because of how few "links" exist (when there should be many millions, we have handfuls) and how many "living fossils" we have (if evolution is a constant and unguided process, how has any species managed to remain constant for millions of years, much less dozens of species?). The creativity aspect has to do with the ability to create new appendages, organs, etc. It's one thing for beetles on the galapagos to have the gene that makes them grow wings "break", so they don't grow wings, and then they prosper because the wind doesn't blow them out to sea. It's quite another to gain those wings. The proposed mechanisms of mutation and natural selection just don't seem plausibly sufficient. Again, I am not advocating "therefore God did it", and I am not saying that evolution is therefore wrong or evil.

How do you feel that the evolutionary account of human origins changes the central narrative of the Bible, namely, the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus?
Declaimer: am a curious atheist. If the only evidence is given through word of mouth and the Bible (which is very old and edited), how can you have faith? Is it not just blind faith at that point? Please don't take this as an attack, I'm genuinely curious to learn other view points
If god is so good, why is there so much evil in this world?
Thank you
I would think the answer to this question is how reliable you believe witness testimony is. (I'm a Christian) My view is that if more than 500 people saw and interacted with Jesus after he was crucified, that's way too many to be just a coincidence. It was also in places where people knew him which if it wasn't it could've been any person claiming to be Jesus, and Christian's gave their lives because of seeing him after the resurrection. People don't die for a lie, they would've confessed to lying before being beheaded, hung and crucified themselves. 

In regards to the Bible being old. I actually think it makes it more reliable. It's the only book to have made it through the test of time. Also, the entire new testiment was written within one generation of the resurrection. It has also been deemed by non Christian historians and one of the most historically accurate books in regards to other kingdoms and what was happening in the world. The book of Luke for example has not one historical inaccuracy. 

Just some food for thought. Let me know if you have questions I don't mind answering :) 

Edit: added more information 
Good points. I would counter and ask you how do you know there is no God? Where are the scientific facts that prove the Bible is untrue? From what I see there is more evidence that's points to God and the Bible than not. Just my two cents.
The only evidence to what though?  Almost all religions of the world acknowledge Jesus an accept him as a prophet.  They just don't believe in the resurrection.  The more science tries to disprove Christianity, the more it ends up proving it real. 
You should read CS Lewis' *Mere Christianity*
If the Bible was just a religious book, that would be true. If, however, the Bible is truly the Word of God, then it is able to actually impart faith into your heart. You then have the option of acting on that faith, which is not just blind faith, but the faith that God has put in your heart. The Bible says that faith comes by hearing the Word of God, read one of the gospels out loud and allow God to speak to you.
Thanks for your question. I always recommend a book called 'Reinventing Jesus'. It goes over many questions about how the Bible could be reliable after so many years, and isn't Jesus just another myth.

It's got lots of notes for reference, and is written for the general public. I think if you're looking for answers, it's a good place to start.
Think about it this way.
God is a barber. The best one in town. He will cut your hair for free. Everyone who goes to him will have his hair cut.

Now, I can argue that barbers don't exist by using your logic. Barbers don't exist because there are people with long hair. If God was real and a good barber, then there would be no hairy people, right? Everyone would have their hair cut...

The reason why there are people with long hair, is because they haven't come to Him. They haven't had a relationship with him. Now, that's not God's fault is it? It's the people's fault, who rather keep doing evil, than coming to God and being saved. 

Darkness is the absence of light
Cold is the absence of heat.
Evil is the absence of God.
Dude I literally just answered this. Engage with the answer you were given, don't just pretend it didn't happen and repeat your question.
You're welcome. Peace to you.
Beneath the shell of pleasantries 
Though stately, just a frame
Lies a hateful, cruel, and ugly beast
Whose malice knows no shame

The tongue employed, though just a spark
The forest sets ablaze
Of wicked, bitter, secret thoughts
Now shone upon we gaze

What grace that it should be revealed
In truth it cannot last
When by the mirror once concealed
We see beyond the glass

Yet greater grace we still can find 
This creature may be slain
The shedding of His blood, divine
Whereby we're born again

And life springs forth, renewed and full
Where once it seemed so cold
His resurrection full in us
Grants mercy to be bold

His death, our death, His life, our life
New colors we do see
And what was once called toil and strife
Is resting at his feet
I find myself wanting to like this thread, but there's not many thought-provoking trends. We hear it's about a relationship with Jesus, not a religion, yet the questions/topics on here are very religious in the fact that it's "should I or shouldn't I." I've been a devout Christian for about 15 years. And I realize there's more color to the answers of our black and white questions.
Depending on the topic, one can't always give a simplified answer or have deep theological debates without striking nerve in another. Opinions rule the play ground most of the time rather than open minded debate.

James  4:17) Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.

For example things that are not exactly sinful in itself may be perceived differently by another. So therefore legalistic approaches can't always be the norm, like in matters of salvation it is, but in some/most matters of lifestyle practice not so much.

So in discussion and debate we see a wide spectrum of opinionated variables that lends to campment of ideology, and with that a tendency for confusion. And this is why healthy debate and amicable discussion is needed without judgement or legalistic views overshadowing it. What one person sees it believes cannot dictate what another sees or believes....within reason, and I'm meaning as in defense of the gospel and salvation.

So for a well rounded discussion everyone needs to leave ideology and opinion at the door and needs to advance on one standard only for fair discussion and that should be the Word of God.

Hope this helped, God bless :)
Are you also subscribed to Christians? There is also true christian sub. 
I am now. Thanks for the info
Brothers, many of us have struggles that continually keep up entangled in sin, but I say to you that if you are in Christ you no longer have to fear condemnation even when you feel condemned. Look at your sin and see that while this sin is enough to deserve separation from God, He chose love when He sent His son to die in OUR place. God cannot deny Himself and condemn us who are in Christ because the price has been paid in full! Live in the freedom of Christ today and remember that we are all stewards of the grace that the creator of the universe gave us when He humbled Himself to the point of death. Stay joyful, hopeful, and humble my friends!

"...if we are faithless, he remains faithful— for he cannot deny himself." 2 Tim 2:13 ESV

"And being found in human form, he humbled himself by becoming obedient to the point of death, even death on a cross." Philippians 2:8 ESV
Also, Romans 8:1-2
I needed to hear this today, thank you. 

Haha Awesome! I just went friday night at the one here.
Who was your favorite band? Mine was Family force 5. I bought a hat and a pair of drum sticks from them
OMG mine to! They were super funny! 
John 14 starts with Jesus telling his disciples that he is about to go to the father and prepare rooms for them in God's house and then return to take them there.  This is a new concept for the disciples and they can not really understand what Jesus is talking about.  This is why Jesus tells them that he is the way to the father, the divine truth, and the one who maintains their spiritual life (vs 6 paraphrased).

Today I would like to look at “the way and the truth”  I have shared thoughts on the life in other posts.

Jesus has spent a great deal of time bringing the father to the people.  He started by doing miracles of different types.  He turned water into wine, healed people both close to home and at a distance, calmed a storm, and raised people from the dead.  This is to signify that he has power over every aspect of the world, if it effects people he has the authority to alter the event. 

The disciple could understand that God was able to come to them but they could not see the path that would lead them to the Father.  Jesus tells them that he is the way to the father and that no one can come to the father except through him. How is Jesus the way to the father?  First he is the leader to the path that goes to the father.  He is the guide to those who are on the path, Isaiah 35: 8.  He is the teacher to those who do not know the father, John 6: 68.  Finally he is the example that we are to follow, 11 Peter 2: 21.

How do we know that we are on the right path?  To often we follow leaders that lead us down the wrong path because the truth that they give us is colored by their faulty understanding, agenda, or bias.  Jesus tells the disciples that he is the divine truth.  Truth comes from the father and taught first thru speaking to the people before the law was given then thru the law, then through Jesus, and later through the Holy Spirit.  Not only does this truth come from the father but it is also free from affection, pretense, and simulation.  The truth that Jesus gives us is not only spoken to us but it is also revealed in ideas, reality and sincerity.

Paul tells us to imitate him as he imitates Christ.  He realizes that he is not always perfect when compared to Jesus.  Timothy echos this understanding when he tells us to study so we will not be ashamed of the way we understand the word of God. (2 Tim 2: 15)  Scripture also teaches that we need to grow in our knowledge and faith of God.  As you imitate Jesus may you allow him to fill you with his Spirit.  As Jesus becomes stronger in you, you will see God do amazing things.

Absolutely true! Our salvation is through Jesus, not a pastor, preacher, bishop or pope. So who should we be learning the most from? The guy who saves us, obviously.
And it's not like going to church every Sunday or reaching a "God quota". While setting aside time for God is awesome and great for the relationship, he's brought me to the realisation that he is with me everywhere and I should be acknowledging him in everything! 

Always open to what he has to say and ready to help him with his work, remembering our first love.
thank you for your kind words.
I've had an idea for a while: to anonymously give people I know money, tell them what I would have done with it (donate it), tell them that they can do what they want with it, and survey them later to see what they did with it.

&nbsp;

My thought is that it might be helpful for them in thinking about stewardship, and how they are stewarding God's money. My hope would be that they would donate it to a worthy cause, but I suppose they might buy a new TV with it. (edit: or use it for something they themselves need)

&nbsp;

So, I've finally tried this: I sent anonymous letters to 8 people from my church explaining what I was doing and asking them to contact an e-mail address and I would give them further instructions.

&nbsp;

Turns out, people are way more suspicious of people anonymously offering them $1,000 than I would have thought - I've only had one person respond so far. Sending it through Google wallet also apparently looks really suspicious to people who aren't familiar with web technology.

&nbsp;

SO...has anyone tried to give money anonymously? If so, how did you do it? And, if not, but you have suggestions for me, please fire away. :)

&nbsp;

--edit--

&nbsp;

[The letter I sent](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1InIpdoJw86J72z2eORHoM7cibxcRa7W535CawidQ4h8/pub) might help explain what I mean.
I would invest that money in supplies for shelters, homeless and food kitchens/banks. Then you don't have to put your name on it and you also don't have to worry about it being sucked up into a CEOs saleries (they can't make 1mil if you donate clothes and food). Most people donate their used or unwanted items but you could buy nice coats and fresh vegetables. 
You might also be interested in GiveDirectly. They're my favorite charity. They just give money to people in Uganda and Kenya, with no strings attached.

Also, you never know, some people you give money too might be really struggling. So I wouldn't judge anyone on how they decide to use that money.
Still looking to help someone in need. My friend is in need of some help if you're still looking.

I'm supporting this fundraiser: https://www.youcaring.com/ashleyspence-789195
Well, my question isn't really about where to donate it to (I already have a charity that I primarily support) - the question is about anonymously giving money to individuals (with the hope that they will turn around and donate it themselves, causing them to think more about generosity)
Yeah, that's a good point. That's why I'm trying to keep the anonymity two-way and won't ask them to directly tell me what they use it for - so that if they feel like they need to use it for themselves, they can without being self-conscious.

It's somewhat unlikely because I live in a pretty rich area, though. But you never know.


Thanks for this post. Ministering to me.
Praise God that it helped you also!
Thanks r/christian!  I was able to find my home church through this sub.  Lsm.org was referenced and I now attend the church in fairborn.
Awesome! Hope you find great community
I am writing an essay on the ways that christians reconcile their religion with evolution and am unable to fine someone who does not believe in evolution to interview. Does anyone have this viewpoint and would be willing to answer a few questions for me? It would just be used in an essay and the info wouldn't be shared elsewhere. 
I don't believe in evolution, but I'm from a pretty small group
I'd be down. I would prefer an interview over voice.
I don't believe in evolution, and I'd be happy to help you with your questions. Please PM me your questions and I'll answer them as I can. (I'm Assistant Minister of my church, an Evangelist, and an Apologeticist Debater in defense of the Word of God) 
I'd be interested as well
I also don't believe in evolution not the way scientists have it anyway. I'm kind of in the middle between the two. 

Awesome. God is real. 
The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. The God of Israel.

which one?
How do I find jesus ? Please help 
I'm not exactly clear on what your asking. If you want to learn about God, read the Bible. I suggest starting in Mark. As you read, ask yourself "What do I learn about who God is from the son of God? After you get through this,
If you are looking to start a new life with Jesus, it starts with a prayer. 
Here is a basic, fill in the blank model, based on the Lord's prayer. 
1. Why do you want to start this new life? What about God is appealing to you? Basically, start by admiring God. 
2. Ask him for forgiveness. Ask and you shall receive. 
3. This is more challenging, but where Christianity really starts. -Ask god to be the Lord of your life, so that your actions line up with what he wants.
 This is where the new creation begins.
4. Ask for the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is what makes you 'in tune' with God, and how God communicates  with believers. 
End with more praise. If you don't know what to say, just READ the words to "at the cross" by Chris Tomlin. 

I don't know what your experience will be, but don't feel disappointed if this feels like empty words. I promise they are not. The next step is to devote time to God every day. Preferably at the beginning of the day, read the bible and pray. If you are not very familiar with the bible, start with Mark, Luke, or John, all of which can be read in about 30 minutes. Don't feel obligated to study or dwell on anything too early. Just read the story, again asking what you learn about God through the bible. 
We are all here for you as new questions may arise!
There is no Jesus, jk
YES! brain wash yourself
Man’s life originates from God, the existence of the heaven is because of God, and the existence of the earth stems from the power of God’s life. No object possessed of vitality can transcend the sovereignty of God, and no thing with vigor can break away from the ambit of God’s authority. In this way, regardless of who they are, everyone must submit under the dominion of God, everyone must live under God’s command, and no one can escape from His control.
from “Only Christ of the Last Days Can Give Man the Way of Eternal Life” in The Word Appears in the Flesh                                         The Hymn of God's Word "God Is Seeking Your Heart and Your Spirit" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzhgFDwOU8Y&list=PLpM-
3lQN10LLQGFdDKJQPEBkFQ7HtruiN&index=31
You need to believe in him. Go to Church and read your Bible to understand what that means. I hope you find him and soon. God Bless you.
Ask, seek, knock. Check out these Scriptures to help as well. Jeremiah 33:3, Jeremiah 29:13, Revelation 3:19-20, John 5:24. Find someone who knows Him to introduce you is a good plan as well.
Get down on your knees and pray something like this, "Oh Lord Jesus, I feel something missing in my life.  I feel an emptiness in my soul.  I know you gave your life in payment for my sins and you defeated death through your resurrection.  I truly desire to know you and for you to be in my life.  Please lord Jesus, come into my heart and change me.  Make me whole."  

Use what words you are most comfortable with, but acknowledge you need him in your life and acknowledge his sacrifice for you.  Accept his grace.  He will find you if your heart is sincere.  Sit down and read the bible, starting first with the gospels (Matthew, Mark, Luke, John).  Pray daily that He will show you the way and when you feel the time is right, seek out water baptism.
Pray, a lot. 
The definition of brainwashing is to: Make someone adopt radically different beliefs by using systematic and often forcible pressure.
Mully seems to believe in Jesus already, so brainwashing himself is out of the question, I think?
nope, you can always question what you've been indoctrinated into. It seems he's either being sarcastic (because there is no Jesus to find) or he is questioning. So he can choose to seek out truth in the world or brainwash himself into believing jesus is the answer 
True,  but the definition of indoctrination is to teach a person/group to accept a set of beliefs uncritically. Isn't there a saying that trust tested is trust strengthened?
Listen we're all indoctrinated into something... I, the roman catholic church. And there is a gray area in the separation of those two. What is important is that we question EVERYTHING we were taught in out lives because it could be wrong. Learn about all religions bc the only reason you believe what you believe is bc of when and where you were born. That does not equal faith or "trust tested is trust strengthened".. that's called chance.

ps:  citing little sayings you heard don't help your argument, it just highlights that you can;t think for yourself.. I don't mean to insult you if you are insulted..
My original argument was that you implied that being Christian means that one is brainwashed, and that by having a relationship with Jesus they are not critical of anything deemed Christian. 

All Mully did was ask how to find Jesus, and you said "YES! Brain wash yourself" to this inquiring individual, who may have experienced multiple religions and philosophies already. If a person wants Jesus, they have likely asked the important questions.

Telling me that approving of criticism of religion while still being in that religion shows that I cannot think for myself, implies a possible lack of understanding.
And quoting great minds of the past also shows that I cannot think for myself? Whoops! You say that you do not mean to insult me, but the manner in which you portray your argument will convince few or no persons if it portrays them as mindless automatons.

Now concerning religion and when/where I was born, my friends and their friends/family hold a variety of different beliefs. My conclusions have been made after considering those, and I question & compare everyday. Because if what I believe is true, it must make sense in the face of other beliefs, or else the result is that either my understanding is incomplete, or what I believe is largely wrong.
My comment was in response to "Pray, a lot." (see above).. implying that praying only encourages that someone is listening... deceiving yourself about things that aren't real. Anyone can believe anything they want to... it doesn't mean that it's correct. I only believe what can be proven, it has brought out civilization this far... the website and computer you are using is based on things that have been proven, not just believed in.. the world you experience every day is due to fact and proven experiments.. not belief in things that can't be proven. The further we get away from religion and non-critical thinking... the better off out society will become. A big problem on this planet is people just believing in things with no factual backing. The contradictions of the religious confuse too many people and they end up struggling with the world as it is.. exhibit A.
You speak about other religions when you were growing up... but if you were thinking in a rational and critical matter.. you'd see that all religions are borrowed from each other... and the fact that there are other religions, with people as devout as you are.. should really make you stop and question why you're choosing one over the other... because of your experiences.. not because you made a logical conclusion.

and on quoting other people... you're right broadly its fine.. but when your making your own argument... maybe put it in your own words so your not just regurgitating someone else's thoughts... brilliant or not

In fact which jesus is he even talking about? which god? there are so many versions.
There is only one Jesus, but people see him differently. There are people who believe that if there is confusion & controversy regarding the subject, they should not bother delving in.

But it's not about someone else's picture of who Jesus is, for you it is whether or not you try to find him, and he meets you. If that doesn't happen, then he doesn't exist in your understanding and none can blame you for lack of trying.
That's where your lack of research shines.. there were plenty of Jesus figures, in religions for a thousand years before the catholic Jesus existed (not referring to his name)

Born on dec 25
Born of a virgin
Resurrected 
Was a carpenter 
Baptized in a river 

Krishna 1000 years before Christ 
Mithra 600 years before Christ 

I dont understand how you can know this and still come to the conclusion that your version of Jesus is correct unless you dismiss all logic.. a gift you claim god gave you 
Jesus is God, no matter how many people twist the prediction that he would arrive in human form. Melchizedek is believed to have been Jesus in the flesh before he was born of a virgin, and the catholics certainly didn't invent the idea of Jesus.

Jesu loves you, and he wants you, and he can show you!

Here's what I'm gonna do: If you watch these three videos, and are not convinced that there is truth to this Jesus stuff, I will admit, in capitals, that my argument was flawed and that you win. c:
(These are all short.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQVm8RokoBA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwzbZba-suM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS7Y0jF2AlY
well im glad we can agree that the "jesus figure" existed in concept and in flesh waaaaay before the christian jesus ever existed... maybe you can start there... 
