>“When you have come to the edge of all light that you know and are >about to drop off into the darkness of the unknown, Faith is knowing >one of two things will happen: There will be something solid to stand >on or You will be taught to fly”
-- Patrick Overton 

I found this quote while roaming about for a paper I am working on and, although it does not work with what I am writing, I thought it would be interesting to share and possibly discuss. ((*This is my first time posting a link on reddit so... hopefully this is how I am supposed to do it*))

What do you guys/gals think of the quote? 
Is this inspirational for you or does it hold any possible meaning?
I think that faith is kind of hard to pin down in exact terms (and kudos to you if you can!) what faith is.  I feel that true, real faith is found when you are falling, as in that quote above.  I think that you can have faith at any time, as you can have courage at any time, but I am honestly reminded of a scene from the book A Game of Thrones (not at all a religious publication).  There is a brief conversation between Bran, who is 7, and his father Ned.  I am paraphrasing with these quotes, because I'm not going to look up the actual conversation.  Bran asks "can a man be brave when he is afraid?"  And Ned replies "that is the only time he can be brave."

This says a lot to me.  Just as bravery is empty without fear, is faith empty without difficulty or struggle?  You could be able to recite the bible word for word, and have ironclad beliefs when life is easy, but if life starts to happen and you forget everything do you really have faith?

I hope I was able to convey my ideas well.  Feel free to shoot me down or disagree.  :)
Obligatory post, I'm interested how people put "faith" into meaningful words and explanations. Does everyone have a certain level of faith? Do theists and atheists and agnostics have some level of faith? Is there faith in science or the scientific method? How did you get that faith?

To me, faith is quite succinctly trusting that something will occur, with or without evidence. I have faith in the existence of God, I also have faith in the scientific method. The former, I have faith because of a personal "knowledge" and the latter I have faith because I have seen the method work time and time again to describe reality. 

Meher Baba (yes, I know) presents an interesting observation, emphasis added:

"... There are three kinds of faith: (i) faith in oneself, (ii) faith in the Master and (iii) faith in life. ***Faith is so indispensable to life*** that unless it is present in some degree, ***life itself would be impossible***. It is because of faith that cooperative and social life becomes possible. It is faith in each other that facilitates a free give and take of love, a free sharing of work and its results. When life is burdened with unjustified fear of one another it becomes cramped and restricted....***Faith in the Master becomes all-important because it nourishes and sustains faith in oneself and faith in life*** in the very teeth of set-backs and failures, handicaps and difficulties, limitations and failings. Life, as man knows it in himself, or in most of his fellow-men, may be narrow, twisted and perverse, but life as he sees it in the Master is unlimited, pure and untainted. In the Master, man sees his own ideal realised; the Master is what his own deeper self would rather be. He sees in the Master the reflection of the best in himself which is yet to be, but which he will surely one day attain. Faith in the Master therefore becomes the chief motive-power for realising the divinity which is latent in man."


Just thinking about it now, for me faith comes from my experience.  Not any quantifiable or scientific experience, but experiences of energy and love that I have had and that I know are true reality.  

My faith comes from interpreting those experiences to mean that I am being taken care of by some Divine Power and that no matter what happens to me on a physical level I am always being embraced by that energy and love even when I can't feel it.  
The obligatory Hebrews: being sure of what you hope for, and certain of what you cannot see, I guess. Everyone has faith of some description, whether it's faith that they aren't in Russell's scenario of being born 5 seconds ago with implanted memories into a world with an appearance of age, or perhaps that what they are perceiving with their senses are in fact real objects that exist independently of their minds, or that what everyone has observed a hundred million times in the past occurring one way will keep occurring that way and will not change inexplicably. I always find myself humbled by the necessity of faith in every aspect of my life. 
In the past week, I have been forced to accept a part of myself that before then I had so obliviously ignored. A part of myself that I hated. I am recently engaged to the most incredible person I have know in my life. We have been together for over 2 years and have a beautiful baby girl. Because of his amazing relationship with God and his overwhelming love for me, we are now at the beginning of our spiritual journey. I am so excited to find this subreddit because now we have an extra positive force behind us. Hope that is grows and we all find what we are looking for in life. KEEP THE FAITH!
It is lovely to hear that the love of your betrothed has given you such a gift both in his love and belief. Best wishes for your continued growth. 
Look forward to the tests for those with true faith are tested the most.  If you can remain above them and keep reality in perspective you can be happy!
thank you so much. We are truly blessed!!


Get stronger with your faith 



Faith and Hope are gifts that we do not feel or touch but are rather invisible gifts that need to be practiced if we want them to increase in their power and strength for us.

I frequently share my words of wisdom and my positive thoughts with others but I can see and sense that I am often ignored and dismissed. You see daily we all make choices and those who suffer the longest and hardest are often the ones who turn a deaf ear.

What your Creator, your God has in your future will supersede all that you experienced in your past. Instead of continually asking Creator 'Why' things aren't working out, maybe it is time to strengthen your faith and hope in Him and expect that your best days are in front of you.

It takes courage and strength to have Faith and Hope but it actually is far easier then the pain that you are suffering now. "Be strong! Be courageous! Do not be afraid of them! For the Lord your God will be with you. He will neither fail you nor forsake you." Deuteronomy 31:6 These are powerful words that are much more than words, they are messages to be heeded.


There is so much proof written in the bible and signs that are given that we receive all the time that remind us how important it is to live with a strong sense of Faith and Hope. This is the foundation that we need to stand on and believe and trust that we are not alone. Faith is like a muscle. It can be strengthened and improved upon as long as we exercise the muscle. Like your physical exercise program, you will become stronger and better with each day if you continue to work on it. God reminds us daily that if we continue to believe, we will be protected and shown the way. But it doesn't happen without our efforts. Yes, it takes work, Yes it takes discipline and Yes it takes 'YOU' to make the change.

Pray, pray often and believe and trust that God is a kind and loving God and that He will come to your aid if you reach out to Him. You must grow your faith each day, you must speak your faith each day and you must strengthen your faith muscles each day through your practice of prayer if you expect to move through your challenges and heal. Never underestimate the power of God. Faith is invisible, you don't see it but you know it works. There are numerous things that we cannot see with our visual eye but we know they work. For example, we cannot see the airwaves of the Internet but we see the results of its power.

I encourage you to never underestimate the power of God. We may not always see it but we can absolutely feel and see the Power of God, your Creator. So when you think that you are at your lowest in life, look up, raise your sights to the heavens and pray to God. He wants to give you the courage and strength to move out of your darkest hours and turn to the light.



Starting this coming Wednesday 08/26/2014 night@7 PM join me.




Enders Game - When I understand my enemy well enough to defeat him, then in that moment, I also love him. A.E. Wiggin

When you are able to empathize with a being to understand them completely through no means of physical earthly communication, we will be brought back into the Galaxy.
Humans are the exiled species sent to earth to survive due to the love of other galactic beings not being able to destroy a species entirely.
When we evolved to survive we forgot how to love and be one with all the other sentient beings in the Galaxy and when they realized we would destroy ourselves before allowing 

another species to be our equal they exiled us to live amongst ourselves until we could figure it all out again.
My theory is that the species prior to humans were all interconnected amongst eachother in one mind that allowed the flow of communication and knowing to just be. There was 

no need for physical confirmation of belief because everything was known. Our 5 senses while enabling us to act freely individually will never allow us to co exist with 

another species as it's equal for with our senses we constantly search for a reason of superiority over one another. Without our senses we would all just BE. What they are or 

what we were or what everything is is still the great mystery but I believe that in the defeat of our physical boundaries we will once again be accepted into the galaxy. The 

acceptance of my theory is merely a staging point for discussion as I could be completely wrong and missing many core values and would love to hear your take on my thoughts.

I believe that Enders Game is a film made by these hive mind capable beings and that they have been trying to provide us with hints throughout history to show us the way back 

to what we once were, it is just our decision on whether or not we wish to accept these things. It is our decision to determine if we are ready to no longer live as 

individuals but to be part of something more. It is a very difficult concept to grasp but it is far from out of reach given the following interpretation of Enders Game.

So with all that crazy talk being said I'm going to go into something perhaps a little bit strange for someone this far out. I'm going to use science, many sciences actually, 

to try and convey my reasoning. Firstly, we must understand that if we truly are an exiled species sent here to destroy ourselves as depicted in the film then we must also 

accept that whoever sent us here could not destroy us and provided us with a beautiful home to absolutely demolish. I'm talking about Earth. Humans are destroying the earth. 

Can we argue against that?

Ok. My next point is that in Enders Game their is one core value that is accentuated throughout the film that allows it to be seen to what I believe to be the fullest 

interpretation provided by what I'll call the others. The characters in the film are a young boy who is the whom I believe meant to be Jesus if we use our representation of 

an Earthly being. But I believe that the others meant him to be a representation of Empathy. Throughout the film the boy is bewrought with scenarios where he is threatened 

with violence, humiliation, he is outcast, he is hated, he is small and scrawny and easily defeated physically. Yet the boy is not meant to get through any of the tests 

through violence, the only way he passes the test is if he is able to use the spoken word to convey feelings that will both save himself and his aggressor from violence. In 

essence he must empathize with his aggressor, determine what is causing them this pain and anger towards him and find a way to both diverge conflict to save not only himself 

from the pain but from the aggressor as well. The way the others truly wanted it. No one should be in pain and to inflict pain on others should cause you pain. For we are 

one.

As the movie progresses the boy has peers who are like minded and believe that there is one individual amongst them great enough to defeat the invasion of the Fromid's whom 

are an alien lifeform that are portrayed as to have attacked us first in the war that will destroy the humans. Constantly the boy is fawned over by his superiors and deemed 

to be the greatest person alive for the task. This naturally encites envy and jealousy from the peers who already deemed themselves as better than him for no reason other 

than societal position. Again he is able to defuse the situation and despite being socially unfit to lead his empathy and natural abilities to prevent violence and appear as 

an equal to those who others may consider themselves better than naturally draws everyone to him as the new 'leader'. He does not accept the role throughout and always 

considers himself to be one of them and no better.

Harrison Ford plays the antagonist of the film in my eyes as the others portray him as the highest in the human societal structure because he is the one who is to determine 

which person is capable enough to destroy the invaders. He constantly berates everyone with messages of hate and anger towards the enemy. He is the reminder that they were 

the ones who attacked first and they must be destroyed to save ourselves. If we are to survive, the others must die. That is Harrison Ford's role in the movie.

Then there is a nurse woman who acts as the boys psychological therapist and is constantly badgering Ford to allow her to talk to the boy as she can sense his immense 

psychological pain but Ford does not allow it and it is not until further into the film we can understand why.

In the film there is an interesting psychological test done called 'the mind game' wherein a fierce monster much larger than the rat has two cups of green liquid in front of 

him along with the accompanying riddle "One is poison, one is not. Choose right and you'll go to fairy land". The boy begins by logically assuming the left cup because the 

monster says "Choose right and you'll go to fairy land" as such the boy chooses the left cup and his manifestation of the rat dies. Confused, he tries again, this time 

obviously logically choosing the right cup as it is 50-50 and it must be the safe choice. Unfortunately that is not the case and again the boy dies. This may seem 

confusing... but look at it this way, the giant monster is a representation of fear and uncertainty and he is forcing a choice upon a much weaker opponent who believes 

because of the physical differences that there is no other way to get past such a beast. On the third attempt he chooses nothing and his rat flies into the huge monsters eyes 

killing and defeating him. The correct response here is none of the three, but because of the societal structure there cannot be a peaceful resolution between such different 

beings and so the decision to do nothing results in violence everytime. In all scenario's the boy emphathizes perfectly with his aggressors and yet still must resort to 

violence merely for survival. This is the key to understanding that humans are here to destroy themselves because we cannot do nothing and co exist peacefully we must be the 

strongest and the smartest and best at everything. It is in our biological DNA. The most interesting part about this scene to me is that no one interprets it the way that it 

was meant to be because it is a message that humans as a species are unable to comprehend... Why would doing nothing win you the fight? It makes no sense to us. And yet this 

boy can empathize so deeply with the meaning of the test that he understands that no matter what he does... it is going to end in violence. That is his curse. Just like 

Jesus.

Now referring to the nurse who is the representation of compassion, care, and what we are trying to understand as love, there is a scene during this test where Ford asks her 

"Who gave him access to this?" and she responds with "I did." to which Ford says "To what End?" meaning he has to know her motives and what she is planning and if she could 

possibly undermine what his true goal is with the boy and nothing can stop him from his true goal. The nurse quickly comes in with "Not every battle can be won, the way he 

plays the game reveals his state of mind. If you won't let me access him 1 on 1 I need some other way to know what he is feeling." The key words here are not every battle can 

be won. I need some other way to know what he is feeling. We have lost our ability to empathize with others and she requires tests and science and observable methods to 

physically see the emotions that are going on in the boy. This is something that the others do not need. They have no requirement for science and tests and proof because they 

are selfless and what they know is what they know. They all feel the same. They are a part of more than just one species. Ford's response to this is "I don't care how he is 

feeling, I want him to toughen up, to learn how to lead." As the highest member of the human society in this particular society Ford clearly states that he has no interest in 

the boys feelings who is meant to save the entire species. Interesting.

There is a very significant point made in 'the mind game' a scene of a giant moth like creature insectoid type thing. Before I go any further on that I would like to hear 

some common connotations associated with the vast majority on bugs and other creepy crawly type creatures. Many people are grossed out they think theyre disgusting and ugly 

they are physically gross. I would assume that is fair to say; not everyone has it but it is almost a natural like reaction to seeing that type of creature for many people. 

Interestingly enough this disgusting physical creature is meant to depict the love that the boy has for the sister he left on Earth when he went to train to save the human 

race. The bug is LOVE. When the creature transforms into his sister he says "What do you want me to do? ... VALENTYNE?" Valentyne... the ugly moth creature disguised as his 

sister that is portraying the emotion of love. The scene then erupts in fire as missiles reign down destroying the home of "Love" or Valentyne. But luckily, she survives and 

hides away in the building. He follows love into the remnants of its ruined home to find it nestled in an egg like structure wherein a red carpet is laid leading up to it. 

The rat that was portraying the boy transforms into his human self and begins approaching the egg containing the emotion of Love. The carpet transforms into a red snake that 

attacks the boy before he has gotten close enough to the egg and he wrestles with it eventually killing it. After this moment we see that the Emotion of Love portrayed by the 

sister Valentyne turns into his over-aggressive brother who had failed the test to be the one to save the human race and he congratulates the boy saying 'congratulations, 

you're a killer now' 

Throughout the movie the boy is constantly reminding himself that he does not want to be like his brother and that he takes no joy in taking life and in this scene he feels 

like he is becoming him.

The dialogue between the nurse and Ford is mind-boggling to say the least and truly confirms the representation of the nurse as the guiding voice for the human race to return 

to its home but it is constantly denied and belittled and made to feel unimportant by Ford's need to destroy the enemy and protect the human race. I will go no further into 

the film as it is open to interpretation and these are merely my beliefs but if empathy is used as the underlying tone of all the characters we can attempt to feel what each 

of them is trying to do to the boy in his development in preparation for this one final conflict.

The last point I will make in an attempt to tie our physical manifestation of Jesus as being the boy in the film is that at the very end when he chooses to save Love and take 

it with him to fly through space until he finds a home willing to accept both species to co exist. Jesus dies for our sins. In the film, the boy takes what makes us human 

with him to save us when we are ready. We just have to find him and truly be ready for his return.

So yah that's just the one film of Enders Game. Now the really wierd part for me and why it made it such a draw and an interesting project for me to tackle is that it was 

just another regular day for me. I went out and got groceries made some dinner played some video games and then smoked more dabs than I probably should have, felt sick and 

went to lie down and watch a movie. I was scrolling around for nothing in particular because I didn't know what I wanted to watch and I was drawn to the film because it 

incorporated a young boy naturally gifted at tactics and video games which I am also. I saw the part about the alien invasion and wasn't really too excited about that part 

but I decided whatever I'm gonna watch it... So as soon as the film begins it was almost like a euphoric lightbulb went off in my head where I knew the plot. I knew what the 

entire film was about I knew what would happen and I knew what they were trying to say. I have never seen it before but I continued watching thinking to myself ahhh I'm just 

being dumb but scene after scene i empathized with and my interpretation from beginning to end was correct. To my beliefs atleast. I'm sure there can be infinite amounts of 

interpretation and that is where the true meaning of the film comes out. There is no right or wrong interpretation of the film, you can believe whatever you want to, and I 

will accept that because I have my own beliefs and you have yours and that is FINE. I would love to hear any of your interpretations or beliefs because there is no right or 

wrong there just IS.

Now that all of that faith mumbo jumbo and belief is out of the way I want to try and tie this into a lot of fields of science because I feel that our reliance on our senses 

to interpret information is where a lot of our problems are stemming. Of course they also provide us with a great wealth of information and knowledge as well but when you 

only have 5 ways of interpreting information between 7 billion people who consist of trillions of cells sending information back and forth you can imagine that as an organism 

we are quite complex. How come then we only have these 5 words that we created to communicate? Taste, Sight, Touch, Smell, Hearing. It is interesting to think that despite 

all of the technology in the world that has been developed and all of the total understanding we have accumulated of the world around us there is NO WAY to share all of this 

information with our fellow human beings except through long studious courses in which we have proclaimed experts deciding what is right and wrong when really no one really 

has any fucking clue.

So into the fun stuff now I'm going to try to explain my theory on the possibility of human evolution with faith and science. So if we break people down into what we really 

are at a molecular level is just a bunch of cells and chemicals. At present day we are a compilation of trillions of different interconnected cells that work together in a 

way that make us function and able to survive in our envrionment. Our lungs allow us to breathe air, blood carries the nutrients around and are absorbed throughout our bodies 

and utilized to allow us to exist as a sentient living organism. So that sums that up, we're a shit load of cells that all talk to eachother within ourselves. Now through DNA 

mapping it has been found that their are similarities between protein strands dating 4 BILLION years ago that are STILL found in humans today. Imagine that for a second... 

you can't even wrap your head around that amount of time because to us 80 years is a life span. That is it. We are done. But let's just pretend for a second using Darwinism 

that the world and everything in it began as single celled organisms of different types and species and they all floated co existing throughout the galaxy. Through time each 

of these organisms will encounter one another, and different environments, and have to adapt to survive. This is science. Cells exist to multiply and survive.

My theory is that perhaps across that vast unimaginable amount of time we call 4 billion years there were also an unfathomable amount of interactions and actions that would 

carry on throughout space and time until through survival instinct and the need to multiply humans developed. Imagine the amount of evolution required to go from a cell 

floating around in nothing to an organism of our sophistication. Herein lies a lot of the failings of science and a lot of the superiority of faith. I truly believe that if 

the natural order of life is to exist and multiply that as single celled organisms our sentient thoughts crossed to other likeminded cells comprising our organism that 

allowed us to survive. There was no such thing as Touch, Taste, Sight, Smell, Sound because we hadn't evolved to require such things to survive. There were no other organisms 

who could see us and manipulate that for an advantage. They could not smell us. It was just organisms multiplying and surviving by any means necessary all conveyed somehow 

amongst one another and that is the communication we call 'faith'. These cells didn't need proof or a scientific method telling them they had to do something to survive. It 

was natural order. If the cells deemed it necessary to destroy itself and rebuild as a new organism that is what would happen and there was no complaining between cells going 

man I don't wanna do that shit come on! It just was. It was survival instinct before the physiological associations were evolutionized.

So with that in mind now look at us as these beings so complex that we cannot even understand our own minds most of the time let alone the mind of others. Isn't that a 

strange paradox? As simpler organisms we were connected through something that cannot be explained now and if we attempt to try and understand it using what we have become it 

seems insane to think that there could have been one mind amongst all of us, connecting us, sharing information learned from everywhere and anywhere as a supreme sentient 

thing free of ego, greed, lust, jealousy, envy, etc. All of these negative emotions developed because of our overwhelming need to be the best. To be the supreme being. An 

interesting notion to explain this superiority complex is human nature. As a species we believe ourselves to be superior to every other species. We ourselves are mammals. 

That is science and it is true and we are mammals. Monkeys are also mammals. That is science. Yet within this group of mammals we call monkeys there are big monkeys we call 

gorillas and small monkeys we call chimps. We have made a physical distinction between a species that is not so different from our own and yet we do not make this distinction 

amongst ourselves. If a big monkey is a gorilla then what is a big man? If a small gorilla is a chimp then what is a small man? A simple example but one to think about; why 

do we believe that we are all humans and we are all the same when we too have the same physical distinctions amongst ourselves? 

Well, for one, the societal structure we have developed allows us to forgo the failings of physical evolution by ways of technology and as such is not necessary for survival. 

The societal structure for monkeys is the biggest monkey gets the most attractive or most fertile female. The big monkeys instill fear and intimidate smaller monkeys in order 

to assert dominance as the leader or the most matable male monkey. Humans have a far more complex and deep need for connection that we cannot find through such means because 

our mates (females) do not find fear and intimidation to be attractive characteristics. Truly a fascinating quirk in the evolutionary process. Our physical boundaries that 

allowed us to be dominant in times where such things were required attracted females but now that we have advanced technologically and comfort is readily available our mates 

have evolved in search of other things that fit more along the lines of societal norms. Women want to feel comfort, security, belonging, LOVED (we'll get to it), and are 

attracted to men who can offer them these things through normal societal means such as owning a house, having a job, a nice car, and of course there's the emotional side but 

we're not really that good at that as a species for some reason. And society is constantly evolving forcing people to evolve; instagram, facebook, all these social medias are 

a form of connection we are trying to find again amongst one another and yet the only true emotion being developed is lust. No guy looks at a girls instagram to see how she 

is doing. No girl checks a dudes instagram to see what he had for lunch. It is all related to human nature and our search for love. But we lost it and are slowly moving 

further and further away from our psychological understanding of love and closer and closer to the physiological understanding of sex. Sex feels good. We like sex. We don't 

know why. But it feels good. Sex is the closest we get to having that psychological connection of love in a physiological form and that is why we like it so much. The problem 

here is that it's like chasing a high. If you have sex with a girl you absolutely 'love' when you are 16 that bond is going to be stronger than anything you've ever 

experienced for both parties and it will feel like the psychological feeling of 'love' that humans lost during our evolution to ensure survival. If you have sex with someone 

when you're 35 it will be nice you'll both feel good and sex is good but that same psychological connection will never be the same because you are losing that feeling the 

true feeling.

When I talk about feeling I think it's a very complex word and in all reality the 5 senses we have cannot truly explain the word at all. The problem with our 5 senses is that 

they are all related to a physiological determination of meaning that humans created in an attempt to understand the actual FEELING. The best way I can describe this to 

people is that when you are 8 years old your attachment to your mother is a feeling that you know. No one has ever explained to you that this is your mother and she cares for 

you more than you'll ever know and she will alwyas love you unconditionally no one has to say that to a child about their mother. The child just knows. That feeling of 

attachment and connection deteriorates over time as we as humans are exposed to more and more interactions and relationships with other people because as we grow old our 

knowledge of what a feeling is supposed to be grows but our ability to actually feel it diminishes. We think we feel love because we know what love is right? But really... 

have we ever felt love? It's a big question to think about and I do not believe anyone in this room can say they have because as a naturally evolving species we sacrificed 

our ability to love in order to meet our natural instincts as humans. I do not claim to know WHy we sacrificed this bond of psychological connection but I can tell you that 

it is going to come back to destroy us if we cannot find our way back.

Here is why: Look to the person beside you, assuming it isn't your brother sister dad or mom, would you willingly come up here right now and give your life for theirs? 

Someone you do not know whatsoever you have no idea what they have experienced in their life you have no connection or FEELINGS of empathy towards them other than your desire 

to not hurt them? No you don't. And despite the fact that you will feel horrible about it there is not one person in here who would willingly die for a stranger of their own 

species. Does that show you how disconnected as an organism we really are? Before the physiological senses when all beings were sentient and could communicate albeit without 

any sense or anything, they would sacrifice themselves to save the whole. That is natural instinct of love for your own kind and you'd be happy to do it because it meant the 

survival of your entire being. Where did this connection go for humans? Why are we the only species that while we act compassionate and kind to eachother most of the time we 

do it because we know it is what we SHOULD be doing but we rarely feel these true emotions of care and love for someone right beside us. I'd classify our species not as one 

organism but 7 billion seperate organisms attempting to survive in a societal structure designed for us to be able to go through the motions of our lives in a manner that 

will not insight violence against one another allowing us to co exist. Yet we are still every year becoming more and more unhappy or depressed or unfulfilled or unmotivated. 

No one knows what their purpose is and everyone is desperately trying to find it through something that fits into a societal norm such as having a nice car, having a good 

job, having a nice house, having the appearance of a loving family. For some these physical manifestations of a feeling we have lost are enough of a substitute for us to 

contently live our lives but for some they feel trapped in a world that doesn't seem to fit to them. That part is all just an assumption on the state of the world but I'm 

trying to empathize selfishly because I've felt these same feelings and writing this definitely gives me some feeling of purpose and that could be all it is or it could be 

more I don't know.

So in conclusion the reasoning behind how I decided to write up this paper came from watching a film called Enders Game. This is where it may sound like a conspiracy theory 

and really get me sent to the looney bin but what if all along this sentient all knowing perfect species that co exists with everything around it in an unfathomable 

connection has been trying to create physical manifestations that we can see as hints to get our minds working towards the possibility that maybe just maybe everything that 

we see isn't everything that there is. A deleted scene from ET was revealed on March 30th, 2017. The same day that I happened across the movie Ender Game. I didn't just watch 

this movie I connected with it on every level. I felt exactly what the boy felt I knew exactly what each character was trying to get across and in all honesty I knew how the 

movie was going to go after the first 5 minutes. I thought I was crazy and it was just some wierd feeling but as it continued everything I thought was going to happen 

happened. I searched everywhere online for a similar theory or interpretation of the movie and couldn't find anything and I thought it was really strange since it seemed to 

make so much sense to me. So I did some research on the Ender Games and a man named Orson Scott Card has written MANY books in chronological order (in the books it's 3000+ 

years apart but on earth it's merely a couple of years something to do with space time I don't get it but it's a galactical concept I couldn't comprehend and I'm sure 

physicists still go uhhhh yeahhhhh kind of get it....) So for a man to be writing something like this in 1985 for the past 30 years and to have them all make sense in a 

chronological fashion is fairly astounding. On top of this, Harrison Ford is in the Ender Games, the same day that a deleted scene from ET is released with Harrison Ford in 

it. Interesting concept there, two similar films, two identical actors, conveying the same message of a species coming to Earth that leaves us here because we are not ready 

to understand and accept and let go of our superiority which eventually results in our isolation and eventual destruction in the most recent film. And my final closing 

statement is going to be that before you go and take anything that I said seriously or literally or any other word I don't want that. All I want you to do is to open up to 

the idea that possibly maybe perhaps there could be the slightest chance of this being a possibility. Unfortunately it isn't a solution to the meaning of life but it could be 

the next step in moving forward and getting more understanding of something bigger than the next iphone 8.
I just want to have some happiness have a partner some real friends who contact me and what ever this bad thing is that is taking it away to stop. What to do when God is not responding and seems so far away
Don't worry, you'll make it through. God is never as far as He seems :) good luck and God bless 
Thank you for your kind words
As a muslim i respect all belives and i read and watch a lot of videos that talk about islam and chirstianity. 
And i know for a fact that a lot of people have ton of misconceptions about islam.
I want to know what you guys think of islam and what don't you agree with ? And what exactly is it that doesn't make any sense to you ?



People often make fun of me for my belief in Jesus Christ. Even more so, my belief in God. No matter. Believe it or not, it's things like this that make my faith grow even stronger. I was going through a bad time in my life before I accepted Jesus Christ as my Savior. I mean, a really bad time. I was a complete mess, full of anger. The anger I felt towards people was ruthless. I didn't care about anyone's feelings or personal beliefs. I was extremely negative and my speech was just explosive with obscenities. I was so focused on myself that I didn't care for anything or anyone else. I didn't want to be around anyone: everyday people, co-workers/friends and sadly, even my girlfriend. (She is aware of this now.) This isn't an apology letter, but I do want everyone that I've done wrong to know that I am terribly sorry for the disrespect and hatred I've shown you. The fact that you all still talk to me is a blessing and I thank you for that. Now I'll continue on. After realizing these things, it was time to make a change. Though I knew what I had to do, I felt like something wouldn't let me; like if something was gripping onto me. I didn't care; I showed no fear, for the Lord our God has said countless times, "BE STRONG AND COURAGEOUS! DO NOT BE AFRAID OR DISCOURAGED. THE LORD YOUR GOD IS ALWAYS WITH YOU."

Weeks later, I ended up at a Goodwill store and I was about to leave until something told me to go back. There was a book that shouldn't have even caught my eye because it was buried beneath other books. I looked through the pile and the first book I picked up was 23 Minutes in Hell by a man named Bill Wiese. It was like it called to me, really. It's a book about one mans journey through hell; a journey in which our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ had given him, not just once but twice. You're probably thinking, "Okay, well it's just a book and this has to do with relgion" so now you're probably going to stop reading this and continue down your newsfeed (don't, hear me out, please). Well, you're right.. it is just a book, yes but, not just any. It is as true as it gets about hell, and what's more, the Scriptures back each and every detail. (Mind you that the Bible has been reviewed and tried by the most highest of scholars, not one finding a single discrepancy within it.) 

Bill's journey was the most terrifying thing I've ever gotten to read about hell. It is real, and it is beneath our very feet. At the end of his journey, he had thought about asking Jesus, while at His feet, 'Why would you take me to such a place, Lord. Why hell?' But before Bill could begin to speak the words, Jesus responded, "Because people don't believe that hell is a real place. Even My own people, the Christians, do not believe. I want you to tell everyone about where I've taken you and that it is a very real, physical place." Bill then thought, 'What if they don't believe me?' Jesus responded, "It is not up to you to make them believe. That is the work of the Holy Spirit." 

Then, later, Jesus told Bill, "Tell them I am coming soon." And then again, except this time more sternly than the last, "TELL THEM I AM COMING VERY SOON." (This is as best as I could remember it but it was very much the same as written in the book, 23 Minutes in Hell.) What is considered soon in a world of eternal life? It could be years for us but in the eternal world, it could be considered as quick as the blink of an eye.

Let me stay on track here. Reading this book completely change my life and I knew that I didn't want to spend an eternity in hell: a place of torment, suffering, inconceivable terrors and eternal separation from Jesus Christ and the Holy Father. When I say eternal separation, I mean you will have no knowledge of Christ or the Holy Father, for in hell there is no hope. Not a single bit. Immediately, I said a prayer to accept Jesus Christ as my Savior and people, let me tell you.. the emotions that ran through my body were indescribable; completely out of this world. I truly felt that Jesus Christ and the Holy Father had entered into my spirit and cleansed me of all of the sins that I had so thoughtlessly committed before. The anger and hostility I've felt towards people is now replaced with love and kindness. My love for my girlfriend and her son has grown tremendously and I now love being around people, no matter who they are. Christ has given me salvation and God has given me the strength, peace, and wisdom that I need to become the man He wants me to be. I will forever be faithful to our Savior Jesus Christ and to the Lord our God. 

I pray that this helps you get through your day or rough troubles. I pray that you turn to the Lord for refuge in time of worry. I pray that you turn to the Lord for light when you're surrounded in darkness.

If you would like a prayer to accept Christ as your Lord and Savior and to be filled with the Holy Spirit, I will provide one for you but know this, in order to receive salvation, you have to believe in Him with all of your heart. 

With that being said, here it is: 

Dear Lord, forgive me for I have sinned against you. Though I have sinned without knowing, I never meant to bring any offenses to You and to the most Holiest of all, for I know that I will be held accountable for all that I have done on the day of Your return. I have not walked in the path you have given me and I have not been faithfully committed to you, O Lord, or to the Heavenly Father. I am ready to surrender to you and to be cleansed of all of my sins. Jesus Christ, hear my prayer: redeem me, have mercy on me, for I accept you, Christ, O Lord, as my Lord and Savior, and I will obey the commandments that the Holy Father has laid upon us. In your name, Christ, O Lord, I pray. Amen.

That was the wisest decision you could have ever made. Be joyful, stay strong and faithful to Jesus Christ and to the Holy Father. Pray to them each night, and end your prayers with, 'in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen'. 

Love and be kind to all who surround you, for God is always watching.  

If you've read all of this and it has gotten through to you somehow, please, share this post. Help me spread His Word. I will be eternally grateful for this.
Thank you so much. 

May the Lord bless all of you who took the time to read this.

- Roy Mathew Zuniga, Jr.
I'm not sure how this ended up on the front page of Reddit with only 1 upvote, having never seen this sub before, but I do know that everything happens for a reason.

I felt this same indescribable feeling surge through my body when the holy spirit fell upon me 4 years ago. It felt like a torrent of wireless energy rushing through my body from head to toe. Initially I was on the verge of losing my very basic motorskills until my catholic roommate (none practicing) placed his left hand on my right shoulder. 

An additional surge of energy flooded my body and the gift of tongues poured out of my mouth faster than the world's fastest rapper. It was incoherent to my roommate but I understood the words coming out of my mouth although they didn't originate from my own mind.

Then a voice from within said loudly and clearly, ''I AM as real as my son which I have sent.'' Then the holy spirit blessed me with [this 5 minute spoken word](https://youtu.be/fwcj7SfDzEE) which was written in only 10 minutes. It took me 3 weeks to memorize but it was written in a fraction of the time that it took to film it. After it was written, the holy spirit said, ''Do with it as you wish.'' 

Keep doing the Good Lord's work... you are blessed. (Mark10:18)
That was a very inspirational experience. And the video was great! I'm glad I watched it. The Lord does work in mysterious ways, and I am blessed that he has led you show me that video, it is powerful. I will continue to spread His Word, as you will too. May God bless you my brother!
God is not real you people are pathetic and  silly. 
May God bless you child

Encouraging thank you
It's my pleasure. Thankyou 
For a long time I've believed in God and Jesus. Not as strongly as I would've liked but I knew that they were there. As long as I can remember, I have always been struggling both emotionally and faithfully. There have been more than multiple occasions where I have committed sin. Even though I did not actually commit them, just having the thought of doing so, that is a sin itself. I've taken the Lords name in vein, I've hurt and even thought about hurting people, I've thought about women with lust, I've shown hate instead of love to my neighbors, I've disrespected my parents many times.. the list goes on. Finding Christ has allowed me to breath the fresh air I've always wanted to feel in my lungs. When I said a prayer to accept Christ as my Savior and for him to forgive me for ever having offended him and the Holy Father, words cannot explain the emotions I was feeling. I was crying tears of joy, knowing he had heard me, accepted me as I have Him, and had allowed me to feel His presence within my spirit. I was also crying tears of sorrow and fear for all of the times I had offended the Lord. He has allowed me to share His Word, love, and truth. I will forever follow Jesus and obey the Holy Father and his commandments. Through Christ, I have found God. Through God I have found faith, happiness, and love. 

Thank you, our Lord, Jesus Christ for dying on the cross for our sins. I will forever be thankful. Amen.








Accept Christ. He is the only one who can save your from your sin and the fire.
Preach it brother!
Amen!




As a child with a child sized attention span....I can verify that a stuffy boring church can result in a lifetime of atheism


keep standing, keep believing, keep hoping because God has a bright future in store for you.
Frost ,fog and sunshine http://msadafswritings.blogspot.com/2016/02/frost-fog-and-sunshine.html


Friends,

It is said have raidical faith in God to achive what you want. But but first descide raitionally that what you want. You have limited amount of oil so put in places where you can serve the lord. Radical faith can bring everything.  But the oil is limited.

So my rule is have radical faith in what we want. Like I want 5 goals and I have radical faith in God to achieve that.

no oil for other things.
God is not a genie. You do not used God to get what you want by radical faith. The correct concept of radical faith is having no doubt that God will provide all your needs according to his riches. It is okay to have wants and desires though. God likes seeing you happy, but God also knows what's best and sometimes those wants is not what you need. Don't make 5 goals in life and hope God grants them through your radical faith. Pray to God and ask what your goals in life should be and have faith that they will come to past by trusting and following God.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSB6C3H2LW4
Hi everybody!  Or rather anyone who's still paying attention.  I'm a long-time redditor and new moderator for this sub.  Hoping we can get this up and going as a safe place to discuss faith of all types.  

"Let us not wait with anxiety or frustration, but with faith." - The Coffee Prophet


lol













I am incapable of blind faith. Why would a god give me an intellect it would have me ignore? Why would god create a being that is doomed to be punished? Should god exists would this not make it a sadist?
Faith itself means

noun
- complete trust or confidence in someone or something.
- strong belief in the doctrines of a religion, based on spiritual conviction rather than proof.

I have never identified as a catholic. Although most of my family and my upbringing was Catholic related, I've never been able to really buy into it I guess. I've always felt that there is or was something much bigger than all of us. But can't seem to get my head to settle or agree upon what. I've read countless books on spirituality, new ageism, alternative beliefs, etc, but nothing that made me feel like "that's it!! That's what I've always known to exist but didn't really know about!!" 
I have identified as agnostic for a while now. But feel pretty wishy washy about it. I feel that agnostic is just playing it safe. Not really believing in anything, but at the same time, just in case, saying that you never know. I feel empty lately. Unfulfilled and most of the time, sour about the ways of the world and how awful humanity seems. This is a all consuming feeling of emptiness. I'm to the point where I feel like I'm so spiritually bankrupt, that I've lost myself almost completely. 
Has anyone dealt with this? If so, how did you remedy the situation? What and how did you find your faith? Please do not respond if the answer is Christian/catholic related. I do not believe in the bible or any of that. There is enough hypocrisy and sadness in the world, where I feel adding anything to do with the bible will just make it worse. Thanks for reading.
This appears to be a throwaway account, so I'm not sure you'll ever see this.  But I can hope I guess.  Ha!  I can have faith.

Anyway, the problem is that faith doesn't have to do with intellect.  You don't want a response based on Christian/catholic ideas, but the definition in the Bible, without getting all religious about it, is a pretty good one: *the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen*.  

Probably could spend years trying to understand that.

And notice it doesn't necessarily require a belief in religion.  It can be important to separate the idea of *religion*, defined as a conduct based on a belief, from the belief itself.

What I've found is that many religions fail because they don't account for so many aspects of our lives, or their adherents violate the tenets of their own beliefs by being judgmental/angry.

Faith doesn't seem to be about those things.  It seems to me to be rooted in humility, as it requires a confidence first in something other than ourselves, and second perhaps in something greater.

These days a lot of people have trouble believing in anything other than themselves, even while they screw up their lives in so many ways.  Even the things/people in which they purportedly do believe simply mirror their biases or serve as bases for confirmation bias.

But faith is something other than that.  Humility, yes.  Maybe trust, too.  Trust in your ability to perceive, but also trust in the quality of the other.

This might only have to do with God in the same sense that Arthur C. Clarke said, *"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."*  But to say that God is simply something/one we don't understand doesn't quite work, does it?  Because that suggests, like chaos theory, that given enough time/study we could understand God.  But who's to say we couldn't?

There's a great quotation, from The Thin Red Line, that I quote on Reddit all the time: *One man looks at a dying bird and thinks there's nothing but unanswered pain. That death's got the final word, it's laughing at him. Another man sees that same bird, feels the glory, feels something smiling through it.*  

I am that second person.  Maybe it's just the glory of existence, I dunno.  But it's enough to give me faith.  In what I do not feel compelled to try to answer.  But it's enough.
This is some profoundly powerful text thank you.

For we are all doomed. The time is now. The LORD sees and knows all. Repent! And you will be saved by the Son of Man, Jesus Christ.
I'm going through a bit of a tough time, and have found so many people online talk about how religion can be a saviour when it comes to feeling lost. 

I have never thought of myself as a religious person; I often went to church as a child but that was because I went to a Church of England school and so we had to.

I like the idea of believing in God, but just feel like I can't accept in my head that he is there.

Can anyone advise?
I'm sorry that you are going through a difficult time and feeling lost. I can't advise you but I'm right there with you. I have been an agnostic atheist since I was old enough to make up my own mind (raised Roman Catholic) but right now I wish I believed in something and had a community of decent people to talk to about it. I love the idea of faith and I think that there are a lot of positive aspects of religion but I just can't accept that god exists and that seems to be a prerequisite. It's difficult to accept that there are just some things that I can't control or even make a small impact on...if I could pray, I think I would feel like I am doing something. 
Yup! So I had this same problem a while back-but honestly, I did some digging and found that I truly do believe in God. Historians now accept that Jesus, at the very least, existed; and there's plenty more historical evidence that corroborates he bible. In the end, though, true faith in God doesn't come from concrete evidence or online articles. In the end, true faith comes from within; just think hard about this entire world and what a miracle it is to even exist. Our souls innately know that God is there-it's just our hectic daily lives cover that knowledge up. Good luck and God bless! 
Faith is defined as the evident demonstration of realities that are not seen. Heb. 11:1 New World Translation 

Creation is a wonderful example just look at a puppy play and realize it was designed for our enjoyment, also he has a sense of humor reminds me of one of his attribute qualities love.



One of the perks of wearing the roman collar in public is that I get to have the most interesting conversations in the oddest of places, even in the cereal aisle of a supermarket


I am looking for websites with good collections of sermons. Here are three sites I've come across so far:

- http://www.mljtrust.org/

- http://www.desiringgod.org/

- http://www.gty.org/
Are you living the life that you talk about?

It takes faith in the persistence of the prophetic gift for one to become a Seventh-day Adventist. As they say. "the proof is in the eating." Ellen G. White's prophecies were all unambiguous, and, so far, she is batting 1,000!


The genre of Christian Funk, which just may be an oxymoron.
Simple.. No works.. Just Faith

https://youtu.be/w_tXRIInIvA
what about repentence?






I wonder if it is OK to gloss my own posts? This is not a desert wasteland, exactly, but it seems underpopulated. My blurbs on Nathaniel Hawthorne's "The Scarlett Letter" are based on a book of feminist literary criticism. It pointed out that despite the wild popularity of :Uncle Tom's Cabin," a conspiracy od New Englanders hyped Hawthorn and his ilk as paragons of literary virtue.
Here is a sad anecdote, and akin to a confession. I wrote a book report, one that was substantially borrowed from others, in 8th grade on "The Scarlett Letter." When I transferred schools, the same assignment came up in 10th grade. I recycled my first paper, but the astute teacher pointed out that it was obviously not my own work. Being unregenerate, I did not feel the least bit guilty at that time. As a Christian, I am overwhelmed by remorse!


“We do not have to understand why things are the way they are, we just have to have faith and trust that we are in capable hands!” – The Coffee Prophet 
Sometimes even if you try to understand. You would never be able to.



This lonely spot! So peaceful. So pleasant!
God is bipolar. Sometimes he is happy and most of the times sad for no fuckking reason.....


This is just a paste of the YouTube blurb. The evangelism that is featured in the 1958 drama "Unfinished Task" only occurs at the tail end of the story. Character actor Ray Collins (who played Lieutenant Tragg on "Perry Mason" is a businessman who gets religion, following in the footsteps of one of his traumatized employees. Angie Dickenson was 24, and brunette, when she made this picture. The song is very bloodthirsty! The still photo is Collins on the set of Citizen Kane (1941). The video is accessible at this rarely visited channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHt9QGrSFZ4&feature=youtu.be


Hello, self. Who is this "Austin Humphreys" guy, anyway? You say his late father was chaplain at Oakwood University? You say that. despite the old-school presentation style, he is a very creative thinker? You say that, even though he may be relatively wet behind the ears, he is nevertheless associate pastor at the second largest SDA church in the world? You don't say!











Background of Film Fé! The story of the miracles of Fatima in an animation movie.
Miracles of Portugal!




Respond to the questions with the following information
Race:
Religion:
Cultural Association:

1. Do you believe that one religion has the only answer to eternal salvation?

2.a. Do you believe that special revelation allows people of different faiths to find salvation from God? This idea is very inclusive. 

2.b. Do you believe that God allows people to seek him within their own religions?

3.Do you believe that all religions point to the same goal of eternal life and salvation?



“It's ok if we don't exactly know how it's all going to work out! That's where faith and trust come into play!” – The Coffee Prophet




Finding new friends, more faith and a new site...Reddit😇






Winning a War http://www.alfazebezuban.com/2016/02/winning-war.html






Since around the beginning of last year I've stopped believing in god. I've never been very religious but have believed in him. The reason I now don't is because I'm angry at him. Angry because the world is in such a mess and he is doing nothing. All the Christians can say is he has given us free will. That is a cop out! I'm angry because if he exists he should do something and not just abandon us like some bastard child that he doesn't want to take responsibility for. I think this is why I've lost my belief in him, because the world is in such a mess right now and he if he is even around seems to be doing nothing to help! I apologise for my lack of correct grammar. Rant over.

FAITH      MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM








Friends,

I should focus on building foundation and shavel the weaknesses. The thing I will became in that process will be rock solid.








Faith






i seek to help all who will listen and extinguish those who are lost. 

"I was so content!" Lol
She was praying, of course!
Not sure if right subreddit so decided to start here, feel free to point me in the right direction.

Trying to keep it short, went to an overly strict catholic school as a kid, didnt fit right with me so went to public school a bit before high school. Anywho, Ive always wanted to be able to want to go to church or have a belief in something, but I am well, stubborn and consider myself agnostic. However, I've seen what believing in something does to people. Heck, even though the convos are awkward with my super religious neighbors, I wish I had the life and marriage they do (going through divorce atm myself) - nothing thrown at them in life phases them, and the bond and love they share is unreal. This also applies to their general good nature and overall being great people. Life seems to be a little idk.. caustic right now with everything going on, so I just wanted maybe some of ya'lls stories or maybe a point in the direction (i love books etc) on how it happened for you guys. Thanks!
Hi, 

I don't know how much insight I have, but I wanted to try to answer your question as best I could. I answer in my own terms below, but I wanted to send you this link which I think greatly addresses what you are talking about. It is Andy Stanley talking about Easter. I really think you would enjoy watching it and it would make you think.

http://northpoint.org/messages/history-mystery/

I was raised in church, but I have certainly questioned my own faith as I have gotten older. I asked myself why I believed what I do and I do think that for me it goes beyond something like "I believe because my parents did." At times, I still question, of course, and I don't think that is a bad thing. I think about it a lot, actually.

One thing, for me, is that people often assume that it is automatically so unlikely that there is a God. If I think about that, though, it seems just as unlikely to me that everything just formed on its own through mere chance. Its like it comes down to either God or luck that we are all here through an incredibly long and complex chain of unlikely events, not the least of which is that reality itself exists at all. I don't really see that luck or chance is any more "likely" than God. Either way, it is very amazing we are here at all, that anything is here at all, and God is just far more compelling to me than "luck." 

Also, if the things that are the best of us--love, true friendship, compassion, hope, sacrifice, mercy--are nothing more than devices to promote the propagation of our species, then to me, they are rather meaningless. In turn, life itself would be meaningless to me. 

Anyway, maybe you can get something out of this. Feel free to write if you'd like to discuss it. 

Have a great day,

A. J.
Well, I have had my faith since I was a kid. My father was a drug addict. He was hardly around when I was growing up, but he would take me stay with him every few months. He would tell me bedtime stories and they were always about God. They wete different stories in the Bible that my father remembered. Mainly I remember the story he told me about Job. (You should check it out when you get a chance.) 
   Anyways, these stories amazed me, in the way any kid would be by listening to his father tell him about a holy man who would always love and protect him. These teaching stood w me always. And I think my father opened me up to living with a strong faith.
   There have also been moments in my life. These moments are very hard to describe in text. 
   The first happened in high school, during tardy sweep, which is basically detention. It was held in the gym. About 100 kids were present. It was quiet and early. Everyone was sleepy. Out of nowhere a kid jumps up, and he starts yelling about God. He starts saying that the world is in danger, and that we must have faith. He asks for anyone with faith to stand. He wanted us to claim it. I looked around at all the other kids as he spoke. No one stood up. I waited for them to but before I could think I was standing. I just had to, and I was astounded that nobody else did. I was scared but I had to stand. And that was the first time I felt that feeling. It was like fire, intense, heart racing, unique, euphoria. Eventually he nodded at me and we sat down.
   The second time was also in high school. I was in class talking to girl I really liked. She was telling me about how she didn't know if she believed in God, because her life apparently sucked. And I told her the story of Job. After the first few words the same feeling from the cafeteria hit me. And I told her the whole story in the midst tears, struggling w each word. And she was teary eyed by the end. She ended being my first love. And my first sexual partner.
   The third time was after high school. I was in my car, driving home after a long night of drinking. I pulled into my driveway as a song came on the radio. I listened to it and cried like a baby as the same feeling washed over me. (I forgot the name but search.  I will dance for you jesus) I'm an alcoholic and the song crushed me after thinking about where I was at that point in life.
   I still feel like crying sometimes. Life still sucks. But hope in God is all I have. That feeling I had those three times and a few other times is all I have for proof that he is with me. It's enough for me. I hope you can experience something like it one day.
   I never doubted that love as a boy. I never questioned God until I became an adult and witnessed sadness in the world. It's difficult to believe in something so fantastical as God but if I didn't I would have given up already. Best of luck to you friend.


I was thinking about faith this morning and I came up with this sentence.
I was a born again Christian. I walked in Christ. I didn't let him walk alone. No matter the demons I walked with him in silence. I did not know what to say to him to make him stop. Nothing would stop him from jumping off the world. So I followed. We made a new world together America. But I saw the wickedness that would come of his plans, but it was so beautiful. I ushered the thief, and he hid the darkness from his eyes. Jesus knew what awaited him, when he walked onto that hill carrying my brother to me. He didn't know what bringin the thief would do. His father didn't plan for the thief. Making America should have taken Jesus 6 EONS. But he did it in 6 milliseconds. Because the thief stole the light of the land, and hid it in my face. GOD has no idea what's inside of me, what makes me so bad. Bad is not evil, it's just not good. I was bad every time, every god cast me aside. all of the mud spit me out. Until the thief gave me to this land. As above so below. I'm not a mirror, I'm the Well of Life. God imagined the thought[ Could I think of something unimaginable, and still be good?] I just started nodding, I wasn't his first, I just couldn't speak. And every time god looked towards me I nodded my head yes.

When God spoke his first words. "OH. Oh? Oh!" I was there waiting in silence. The Holy Ghost erupt from his mouth. "Oth" The Holy Ghost Look at me a fool nodding in silence, he was waiting for me to speak. Ost Said, {How?} I replied the only way I knew how, by nodding.

Then Ost gave me my first command: Speak.

I said: "O you are backwards, Oth go into O, and Oth breath out O."

So they did.

And O asked me. How?

I had forgotten everything I just said so I said it again:

"O you are backwards, Oth go into O, and Oth breath out O."

This was frustrating the moment they switched back I said:

"Don't listen to him he wants you to die."

"Oth go into O, and Oth breath out O."

So they did. They were scared of me, everyone else was terrified in the deep. But the two I was trying to talk to were too quick to give up the ghost.

So I told the first lie: ")I deny both of you.("

They looked at each other and looked at me. Like they thought I was the only other one there. And then they stared at each other until one was dust and bone and the other was an embryo. Then she appeared, it was my mother. How could I forget my mother.

She said, [please don't put him back O perfect one. He needs to live to kick up the mud, and seed the foot.]

"But he's going the wrong way?"

[He's supposed to.]

... 18 eons later ... 

O, [Silence. How?]

"O! How was your walk?"

[How are you still hear?]

"I haven't moved, I don't know how."

[So he picked me up and walked the walk again, but since he was going in the wrong direction it took 1 Eon less.]

He looked at me, I didn't mean to frighten him I used to be very big, and along the walk I regained all of my strength.. He dropped me into the deep, and I feel in. I could see the desperate look as he tried with everything he was, to grab me before I sank, but I moved as if I was already where I was going. In an instant all at once. But he cried, and the tear went the right way. Caught me and pulled me back. I said, "Thank you grandfather."

[Where is my son?]

"hmm, that's is a difficult one to answer. Hear look?"

[I don't know how?]

"just make something up."

As he spoke everything moved in reverse to create the initial conditions. And that's where the Bible Starts.

Just to say, "I am the furthest thing removed from God, all I can move is myself."

The truth was I was pointing at the only thing he can't see, into the new spirits.

My bad.
The Egg is cracking, I will die tomorrow. And Jesus will take my form, and I will take her.

This is where I am buried, where my father buried me. Before I became my father, and stepped out of the mud. The Garden of Eden. As a Sioux and my wife to be as a Xuois, I claim that land for us both.

Upper Lake Traverse State Wildlife Management Area
Rosholt, SD 57260.
"We can rest assured that God has our back.  There is nothing to fear, so we can aggressively become what we desire." - The Coffee Prophet

i LOVE JESUS
may God bless you all


As part of the Friends of the Word, Father Scurti addresses questions on The Weekday Word


Your mom is watching...
Great stuff here...


huh?

You are a blessing from God sharing your struggles. This takes a real man. Hang in there! The Jimenez family from Quantico, VA have you and your loved ones in our prayers. You are not alone brother!



I've been perplexed with the age old question of how to be faithful to God but also understand that science, evolution, and history makes more sense.

I'm a Catholic, I go to church every Sunday, unless something popped up at the least minute. (Example: We're renovating a room in the house for our first child and there were a few times I couldn't make it)

Anyway...I just wonder if God’s disappointed in me for believing that the science makes a far better argument for the creation of life and the universe.

Comments Please :)

Religious people usually suffer from this, so don't beat yourself up over it! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_dissonance
#####&#009;

######&#009;

####&#009;
 [**Cognitive dissonance**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive%20dissonance): [](#sfw) 

---

>In psychology, __cognitive dissonance__ is the excessive mental stress and discomfort  experienced by an individual who holds two or more contradictory beliefs, ideas, or values at the same time. This stress and discomfort may also arise within an individual who holds a belief and performs a contradictory action or reaction.  For example, an individual is likely to experience dissonance if he or she is addicted to smoking cigarettes and continues to smoke despite believing it is unhealthy. 

>====

>[**Image**](http://i.imgur.com/yXF2gOM.jpg) [^(i)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Festinger.jpg) - *Leon Festinger*

---

^Interesting: [^Cognitive ^Dissonance ^\(The ^Art ^of ^Lying ^to ^Yourself)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_Dissonance_\(The_Art_of_Lying_to_Yourself\)) ^| [^Leon ^Festinger](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leon_Festinger) ^| [^Elliot ^Aronson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliot_Aronson) ^| [^Cognitive ^bias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_bias) 

^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cg1q8kw) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&message=%2Bdelete+cg1q8kw)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)



awesome





LIFE? FAITH? HUMANITY? SPIRITUAL?
   Yesterday I watched a [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRhQ24jHEes) about extraterrestrial contact with humans.  I was intrigued, having previously reading about the Drake Equation, which tries to quantify the likelihood that we are not alone in the universe. This is a [nice graphical interpretation](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=drake+equation) of the equation, which suggest we have company.  

   While there is no public concrete evidence of aliens, one could take to it on Faith that they exist.  If one has faith in the existence of aliens and that humans will encounter them someday there are questions about ourselves we might be compelled to answer or at least think about.

1) To objective extraterrestrials what type of people to we want look like?
2) Based on question one, are there positive tenets we could follow to improve our image?
3) What behaviors should be promoted to allow for our future interaction with extraterrestrials to be positive?

   Before trying to answer question one, think about what would we would look like today if these objective observers showed up.  We would look like a bunch of squabbling children racing to reverse terraform our beautiful planet, in order to make it impossible for humans live here.  We are on the brink of nuclear destruction.  Consider wealth as an indicator of how much society values an individual.  The most valued members/institutions of our society are very wealthiest among us.  These individuals, for the most part, are completely complicit  in the charge to destroy the planet.  Would you invite us over for tea?  How about bringing some humans to your world to start a settlement?  I probably wouldn't, we don't play very well together.  Why would play nice with aliens?
   Maybe there are useful answers to the questions I've posed.  Answers that could help to form guidelines to live by to lead to a brighter future.  I want to start a conversation about having faith that we are not alone because I believe it could change peoples lives in a positive way.  

Maybe they could be called, "The Tenets of Humanity."

TL;DR  
  Could having faith in existence extraterrestrials lead to positive changes in Humanity?




Great episode.



TAILS! NOW GEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET OUUUYUUUT


God Bless You!




http://anhundredandfiftyandthree.blogspot.com/

1st vs. 25257th vs. 2nd vs. 4585458/31102 3rd vs. 8114585458/31102

4th vs. 252578114585458/31102 5th vs. 42252578114585458/31102 

25257th vs. Luke 8:11 Now the Parable is this: The Seed is the Word of GOD.4585 – 458

13464th vs. Job 25:2 Dominion and fear are with Him, He maketh peace in His high places. 1644 – 504

11454th vs. 2nd Chronicles 12:16 And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Abijah his son reigned in his stead. 2817 – 940

25888th vs. Luke 22:23 And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing. 9639 – 859

23968th vs. Matthew 24:10 And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. 6814 - 714

25257 + 4585 + 1644 + 2817 + 9639 + 6814 ~ 50756 - 31102 ~ 19654th vs. Jeremiah 29:18 And I will persecute them with the sword, with the famine, and with the pestilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I have driven them: 6441 - 2363

~~~
25257 + 458 + 504 + 940 + 859 + 714 ~  28732nd vs. 1st Corinthians 15:13	
But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen: 5461 - 649
~~~

19654 + 6441 + 5461  ~ 31556 - 31102 ~ 454th vs. Genesis 18:29 And he spake unto Him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And He said, I will not do it for forty's sake. 2955 - 1187

28732 + 2363 + 649 ~ 31744 - 31102 ~ 642nd vs. Genesis24:50 Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from The LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good. 2002 - 970

<><>

454 + 2955 + 2002 ~ 5411th vs. Deuteronomy 19:4 And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly whom he hated not in time past; 4875 - 1378  

642 + 1187 + 970 ~ 2799th vs. Leviticus  4:3 If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without blemish unto The LORD for a sin offering. 4392 - 1766

<><>


5411 + 4875 + 4392 ~ 14678th vs. Psalms 50:9 I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he goats out of thy folds. 1983 - 713

27999 + 1378 + 1766 ~ 31143 - 31102 ~ 41st vs. Genesis 2:10 And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. 3391 - 908

<><>

14678 + 1983 + 3391 ~ 20052nd vs. Jeremiah  46:6 Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates 2442 - 1199

41 + 713 + 908 ~ 1662nd vs. Exodus 6:6 Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am The LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments. 7128 - 2215

<><>

20052 + 2442 + 7128 ~ 29622nd vs. 1st Thessalonians 4:18 Wherefore comfort one another with These Words. 4995 - 504

1662 + 1199 + 2215 ~ 5076th vs. Deuteronomy 5:22 These Words The LORD Spake unto all your assembly in the mount out of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a Great Voice: and He added no more. And He wrote them in two tables of stone, and delivered them unto me. 5148 - 2196

<><>

29622 + 4995 + 5148 ~

5076 + 504 + 2196 ~ 

<><>

<><><><><><><>

Masoretic Text

Hebrew Calculator

Greek Calculator

Standard English Calculator

WayToZion

Baruchhaba~B’Shem~Y~A~H~U~W~A~H~Y~E~S~H~U~A~


























Do sick people expect a 'ministry of healing' to be practiced within and among your faith community?
Yes some of us believe God will heal and pratice others don't. I have seen God heal my wife. That does not mean we do not follow our doctors as well


Is it justified to say that I need less and less faith as the bible proves to be more and more true through personal revelation, anecdotal and archaeological evidence, prophesy, consistency of the scriptures, etc.
This statement seems to minimize the importance of faith, what do you think?
It is certainly true that as faith is affirmed it gets easier and easier.  

My personal definition of science would qualify belief and faith as something that is as meaningful as physical evidence.  I won't explain more unless someone is interested.
1. What is your gender?

2. What is your current religion, if any?

3. what religion did you grow up in?

 
4. what is your age?

 
5. What is the highest level of education you have completed?


6. what was your childhood economic status and what is your current economic status?

 
7. Who do you live with

 
8. Is there one true God? and who is he?

 
9. If there is one True God, Is abortion ethical?







Over 30 important facts about the Dairy Cow, & how it relates to the BELIEVER!
I know everyone should have a form of faith. But when you have life kicking you down how to you uphold and stay strong. How can you have faith? This may sound quite pessimistic but I've hit a rocky point in my life. I'm happy in a sense, but I've also had a piece of me that has been taken away. Can anyone give me a new sense to it? Give me a reality check I guess when it comes to having faith.
Hi,

I hope you will see this as me trying to honestly answer your question and not forcing my own beliefs on you or anyone else. 

As a Christian, I'd say that faith doesn't require you to stay strong at all. It is quite the opposite, really. In fact, Christian belief is that no one can ever be strong enough or good enough to live up to what they should be, or even come close. You don't have to be strong, because your strength will never be enough anyway. 

Faith can give you strength. Strength doesn't give you faith. The idea is that, instead of relying on our own strength and falling short, we should rely on God. To a Christian, this means believing that the sacrifice of Jesus was a gift that makes it possible that we could be saved despite our failings. It is a gift that we can never deserve or earn. The most fundamental faith, to me, is accepting that gift. I believe that is the most important thing we can do in this life.

A couple pertinent Bible verses to your situation would be these:

"Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight." (Proverbs 3:5-6)

"God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear, though the earth give way and the mountains fall into the heart of the sea, though its waters roar and foam and the mountains quake with their surging." (Psalm 46:1-3)

Here is a list of a lot of other related verses, if you're interested. There are a lot more too.

http://www.whereisgod.net/stress.htm

If you have any questions or anything, I'd be happy to try to answer them if I can. I hope you have a great day.








