You wanna know what it's like to fall in love? Imagine all of your emotions at their highest possible peak. All of them being thrown at that person. Anger for them not noticing. 

Joy for them existing. Sadness for them loving other people. 

The human mind can only handle so much before it breaks, and mine is so close. 

I don't know why but I find it impossible for me to simply have a crush on someone. I understand the idea, but it's never happened to me. Crush is such a simple term, used to merely illustrate a liking for someone. What I feel has no words. 

I'm too young for love. Too old for a crush. Too mature to like someone. Too immature to love someone. 

It's teenage romance. The type that can only be captured in cheesy romance YA novels with tragic endings. Even those books can't describe it. They're written by adults who don't remember what teenage love was like. Teenage love is the most impure form of love. In my opinion. 

It is unfiltered, and the people who have it don't understand it. Teenage love is controlled by the raging hormones of a teenager who knows nothing about the world around them. Teenage love is pure emotion, no rational thinking. Some may argue that that is why it is the best, but not for me. Love drives me insane. If I have learned anything about love, it's that love is painful. Especially when it is restrained. 

I have no choice in who I love and I'm forced to restrain it, but it's there. I know that if I show my love people will only be confused, because I love differently. I don't feel the desire for a physical relationship. I feel the need for emotional love, for my mind to know what it's like for two people to do anything for each other and always be there. 

I have loved before, and I know how painful it is. But I also know the beauty that comes from it. The poetry, the art, the relationships there are out there. 

But I have also seen false love. Those who simply want someone to comfort them and tell them they are good people. 

I am losing my sanity to this emotion people call love, and honestly I don't know if I'm glad I am. 

I have to either abandon my sanity, or abandon my love. Do I abandon all my rational thoughts and all the hopes I have for the future, or do I indulge in mans greatest treasure and live in the present, where I am now? 

I don't know, and the more time I take to think the more I seem to lose my sanity. 

P.S. This is a passage I wrote about a year ago, when I was torn by my feelings for a person. A similar situation is happening to me right now, so I was looking through some things that I wrote, similar to this, but this one really stood out to me so I decided to post it. 

I was in the coffee shop on my college campus studying when two older men came in and sat down on the other side of the room. One of the men started talking about his wife, and when he asked the other man about his wife, this is what was said.

"Man...I was 21 when I met her. I saw her from across the room and brother.....didn't nobody have to tell me who she was. I said 'there goes my wife', and the rest was history. That girl was something else, man. Every single day, I'd go and work for 12 hours and when I came home, she had dinner on the table waiting on me. After the kids were asleep, we were both so tired that we would go straight to bed just so we could hold each other. I was always content knowing that she was right there in my arms. I told her every night that as long as she was there, I was just fine. She was my queen, man. I told her that every day, she was the queen of my whole life. And my queen pushed me all the time to be the man I needed to be. She pushed me to seek God and follow Him and love Him with my whole heart, she pushed me to be a better daddy, and you can ask my little girls and they'll tell ya, we wouldn't be nowhere near where we are today if she didn't keep on making us better. Some folks just have a way of doing that, ya know? Some people just make you wanna be a better man. 

Well, one day, she started getting sick. I didn't worry too much at first, because everybody gets sick sometimes. But the doctors seemed to think it was something we should worry about. Well brother, they were right. She asked me if I would marry anyone else if she died. She worried about it. she couldn't imagine me being with another woman. I told her I could never have a second queen. But ya know what? She didn't believe me! That girl looked me in the eyes and said 'I know you better than that! You're the kind of man who needs a woman by his side. You couldn't be happy alone!'

I looked her straight back in those big brown eyes and I said 'sugar, I don't need no woman in my life, I need you. You're the only one for me.'

Well, after a year of fighting it, a lot had changed. There wasn't no more dinner on the table when I came home. Instead, I would work 12 hours a day, and I would come home. I would carry my wife out of bed and bring her to the table. I would cook dinner with her sitting there watching me, and we would just talk like nothing ever changed. Sometimes, we would sit and eat together and smile and just be happy that we could look at each other. On the bad days, I would feed her and she would cry and apologize, but I told her it was what I was there for. She was so sick, man. She was just so sick. She couldn't hardly do nothing. And she had to take medicine all the time, it was every 4 hours. So once we ate, I'd carry her back to bed and lay her down, and I would crawl in bed beside her and hold her just like I used to, and everything was ok. Just like I said before, it didn't matter what was going on, as long as I could hold her in my arms. But I could only lay with her for 4 hours at a time, because then I'd have to get up and bring her that medicine. But those 4 hours in between when I got to just be there beside her....man I wouldn't have traded that for nothing!"

There was a long silence, a profound peace which none of us eavesdroppers dared disturb with our poorly disguised sniffles

"But the body can only handle so much, ya know," the man continued. "It took 2 years of her being sick as a dog before it got the best of her. I saw it coming, and so did she. We both knew she wasn't coming back from it. But it still felt like it came outta nowhere. I mean....one day she's there in my arms, and the next day she's gone. It killed me at first, but it didn't take too long before I realized that she really was better off. She didn't have to take no more medicine, she didn't have to eat no more of my nasty cooking, all she had to worry about now was praising the Lord! 

Ya know what still gets me though? Man, I don't know what to do about her stuff. I mean...I can't get rid of it. All her clothes are still in the closet, I got pictures of her everywhere, and her side of the bed is just how she left it. I wanna believe she's still here. My daughters tell me I should get it out of there and fix the place up, but I spent my life in that house with her. It's still our home, as far as I'm concerned."

Silence again overtook the room. None of us had ever heard a man speak with such absolute respect and admiration. It was obvious that he had truly loved and adored that woman, and it wasn't changing any time soon.

The other old man broke the silence and said "Man, that had to be so hard, though. I mean...taking care of her like that and having to do everything for her."

A smile crept across the old man's face. His entire face lit up and he said,

"Brother, it was my privilege to be able to serve my queen for as long as I did."
Well fuck, I cried.
The cynic in me is finding it hard to believe you remembered something as dramatic as this in the detail that you did from just eavesdropping, but it was a sweet story regardless. 
This gives me a lot of hope for my love. I love him very much, and I hope I can make all the right decisions to have him by my side forever. 
This is one of the most beautiful things I've ever read. I hope to have a relationship like this one day. (Except for the whole "her getting sick and dying" part, I don't know if I could handle that)
For the first time i cryed over a story. Beautiful

This is so beautiful. I love reading love stories.
so lovely
Beautiful, thank you for sharing!
Man, this story is just wonderful
This is so beautiful, this is truly what love is
This is by far one of the greatest posts on Reddit, and one of the greatest things I've ever read.
Aging and death suck.

Great story.
That's understandable. I've been telling this story over and over to my friends since I heard it that night, so it wasn't hard to remember. Whether you want to believe it or not is up to you, in the end, but it's truth.

Dis fuckin' watermark ruined it all.

Found this weeks after my dad passed away in '06. My mom is now also gone; She passed away in August. I hope they're together wherever they are. 

oh.  this is lovely.
This is simply beautiful. What an amazing memento he left for you. My parents were also deeply in love and my dad is gone now and I love when I find old notes or cards but this is just so straightforward and lovely. 
This is just simply amazing!
Damn son
This is the most beautiful kind of love.
Simply written, but gosh golly it conveys emotion like nothing else. Beautiful.
The feels ;_; 

I hope they do, their love sounds amazing from what he wrote...
This is one of the most beautiful things I have ever read. You've melted this hard soldier's heart.
I love how my dad didn't address it to anyone, and how straightforward and honest he was with his feelings. 
yes, their love was amazing. a lot of ups and downs that made us the one, huge, crazy hybrid family that we are. if you're up for a story, let me know. i love sharing to other people about my family, particularly the roller coaster love of my parents.  
good day, soldier. if that melted your heart, wait till you hear the story of the lives behind that letter. i'm glad it touched your heart.
I duno if it's too late but I'd love to hear your stories. I've never really got to witness this kind of stuff with my parents, so I love to hear others' stories. :)
Thank you for this friend.

Man it would have sucked if he put you through all that and you didn't want to marry him.
Awe!
AW! ;u; 
What a thoughtful and romantic man!
hahaha I actually laughed at that. Nah, he knew I was going to say yes ;p 


Yeah this backfired... thanks for the support though guys.
IT'S HARD TO SOUND SINCERE IN ALL CAPS.
you miss 100% if you don't swing. you swung. i have a lot of respect for you for it. you're a good man. and very thoughtful. you deserve someone great. be proud of yourself :)
It's a nice gesture, but depending on the situation, this may have been a bit creepy...
This all sounds extremely unnecessary.  You're relying on gimmicks to keep your relationship together.  Just be real and talk to her.  Tell her this on your own, and *mean* it.  You don't need some singer to tweet at her.
so sorry to hear about this, but i think it was an awesome and unique idea. this also coming from a huge disturbed fan who now loves them even more. 
Everything happens the way it's supposed to. If you're meant to be then you will be. Simple. Sometimes we focus on who we're with right now and even though we're unhappy, convince ourself that this is love and where we belong. Hope you're happier now. 
Just a tip, you should probably remove the time stamp. I found both of your twitter accounts very easily.
Sorry to hear that, man.
Don't feel shit. You did a mistake, yes. You want to get back with her ? Possible. But how many girls would you love even more than your ex. Just let the time come.
Well, that was a bit of a buzzkill.
I know I'm late but, I hope you're doin alright man. I'm sorry about that.
She didn't find it creepy, it was "confusing"
I have. I just wanted to stand out above the other guys around her.
All that matters is that you tried, you failed but you tried. If you went to all that trouble she probably doesnt even deserve you.
I have come to that realization now. I wish it wasn't the case.

True Love if I ever saw it!
I love this shit

[deleted]
Awesome gif!!! <3
Feels :')
):
Aw, see? That's what is cool with love! Things like this!
i cant see why this would be the wrong subreddit seems to fit if you ask me, also its such an epically cute story !!  

[deleted]
:D <3
I wish I had someone close to me
It will happen! I was "looking" for love when I met my current SO. People always want what they seemingly can't have, so act like you're not single, and people will suddenly be more interested. :)
Thanks but... My situation is way more complicated then that. 
[deleted]
I need a hug

Some men need another man :D
[deleted]
Just talk to her! Life is short.
Kinda random but keep it up!
Just make a point of saying hi to her and smile, a few days in a row.  When you cant find words its enough to show a little interest.  conversation will come later.

This is too freaking cute!
I literally laughed out loud, I love this! 
This is brilliant. 

And so true. 
How'd she react? lol
Hahaha this is awesome ! 

Simply beautiful. I'm a sucker for this. :)
Am I the only one that couldn't stop looking at the way he wrote his a's?
T_T so sweeet...*sniff*
That's so wonderful.
That's not heartwrenching--that's BEAUTIFUL!  

Thank you for sharing!
So many feels :( wahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
Mogggg I see it too! 0.0

Oh this is very sweet! I am curious why she pictures herself as a large seamonster with frightening teeth, and you are a small fishy? I am accustomed to seeing the masculine and feminine iconography in the opposite places! ^u^
can I steal this poem to give to my bf? :P seriously though, just loved the poem. Wish I could be that creative
Nice!
It might be her way of saying, "Why is a cute little fishy like you with an ugly sea monster like me?" It's really sweet, actually.
You're pretty much right, like most women, she thinks she isn't as beautiful as she is. :) But she's super duper beautiful actually...

http://i.imgur.com/drvhU.jpg
Clicks link,

grows self conscious about where this sets the bar if that is supposed to be a what a seamonster looks like. T.T

But then why the size difference? I mean she's not physically larger than most said "fishies" is she? As much as it might be fun to date one, I don't think I've even met a mad shorter than I am!

My cousin has this as part of her wedding vows. Very cute/true.
I've never heard that one, very true. I love it. <3
...In theory.  Chances are you'll never find it.
Anything is possible! 
A faithful husband came home drunk,
He doens't know what was happening around him.
Upon going home, he directly entered the room and slept.
Morning came, with amzement on his face. Everything is in order, a tablet of aspirin and a glass of water with a note. "Good morning hon, I'll just buy groceries. Have your breakfast, I love you." He was wondering why was that, so he asked his son. "What happened last night? Your mom should be angry." Then son replied, "Mom tried to undress you, But you said.. STOP, I'M MARRIED." :)
This joke is as old as it is stupid.
#sorry. i heard it now,so i shared.
Someone doesn't have enough looooovvvveeee in their life. :)
Thanks for stopping-by & reading it. :)
I haven't read it in a long time and I enjoyed this repost.
thanks.

Beautiful :) They resemble normal sized versions of the couple from Up! 
wonderful!! :)
Oh my gosh, this just made me so happy. 
Loved seeing this, thanks for sharing!
This is so adorable <3

Sorry for the negativity here. I also know what love is, and congratulate the two of you! Best wishes!
Your child will never age.
Congratulations, but you both look a bit... Young.
Congrats!
You are such a beautiful couple! How exciting :) wishing you much love in the future!
You guys are sooo cute! :3
Congratulations! Wishing you a lifetime of happiness together!
Congratulations!! I hope you two have a beautiful life together
You guys have chompers galore
Mormons?
Thank you so much! I'm glad SOMEONE understands what's up...
Seriously! My curiosity DEMANDS to know your ages. im guessing you MIGHT be old enough to drink...
Thank you!:)
I think she posted this because she's happy about it, let's not be so rude maybe?
No, not mormons. We are old enough to drink, we both just have the youth gene :)
What is the legal marriage age again?
while I side with you on the not be rude thing, you wouldn't post a picture of yourself and expect EVERYONE to love it and think you are beautiful. And also, he may not have intended it as rude. I personally love big toothed smiles like hers, and it makes me happy when girls with giant smiles don't hold back. I just learned not to say you have a nice toothy smile and to say you have a really impressive smile or something as not to offend. Maybe this person hasn't learned that yet?
I will say so!! Best of luck to you! 
We ARE old enough to drink. We both just have the youth gene. His parents are in their mid 50's and both look 30 still. 
But I mean it's a wedding picture, they both look happy, she wants to share the moment... It seemed rude to me. Like is it that hard to keep things to yourself? Oh well, it's the internet. There's always going to be assholes.
Thank you, I'm a guy with huge chompers myself. I didn't know that was a derogatory statement? But hey, like everyone else is saying, "it's the internet" right?
Old enough to drink in what country?
Congratulations to you both :)
If you didn't mean anything by it it's aight
Good luck to the both of you though!

I don't fully agree with that statement.  
I would say it's more like: "If I am happy, I can make you happy" because even if you're in a relationship and love your SO more than anything, You shouldn't do as much as possible to make him/her happy.  
  
It's for both more an "We should both make us happy".  
My thoughts for this statement  
  
But have an upvote for romantics
conflicted with this idea too, if you love them you can let go, but if you love them shouldn't you fight for them? idk...
Struggling with something similar. Maybe it's a good thing I read this before he came over...

You are lucky bro.  If you look right above her left wrist, even the sun flair in the camera makes a heart.  I don't know you or your girlfriend but if this picture speaks any words of truth, don't take her for granted, always be the man, always give and take, and keep her close because you never know what you have until its gone.  


Neck hair, trim it
So pretty! 
That's an amazing picture, and you have a beautiful lady. Such a lovely pair. :))
You've said it all, man.
Thank you. 
And I really am so lucky, thanks for the inspiring words. The world needs more people like you. Have an upvote.
damn straight

And so it goes...


Upvote for Pink Floyd shirt

OP is getting something tonight.
Is that why she's making that face?
The fan in me said "More like 'This man wears a Pink Floyd shirt. I couldn't ask for anyone better.'" btw this is really sweet:)<3
This made me really happy to see :) I recently made a 5-6 hour trip to see my bf of three years (made long distance by college), and that trip alone was brutal. But a two day trip? You have a keeper, goodluck with your love and stuffs :3
i wonder if her man on the side is sad?
Literally just came here to say exactly this. Thank you.
That's for me to know
I was goofin, he decided to be sweet :)

Sweet. Only certain people can make you feel this way.
This is beautiful, I wish there were more posts in this subreddit that were this meaningful.
[deleted]
But, but, all you've done is essentially just changed the "seat of the emotion" which should scientifically be in the brain. :|

Wouldn't you say that I'm a blast at parties ؟ 
Exactly.  I'm going to tell a girl that I want to love her with my knuckles and see how it goes over.
Yes, "loving" is a chemical reaction, but you don't want to know that and admit that. Well, me too. So we all believe that love is a feel, while all the feels are chemicals. But we... Don't want.

But what about giving myself up and letting myself down?
Ellen Hopkins? If you enjoy this you'll enjoy all her work


Oh no! Ill try to repost thanks for the heads up! 
 Congrats!  Take the time to make it clear to always be honest no matter what.  Its the only way to stay in love as time changes us.  As in always knowing who you love, never growing apart.
404 on the pic, but congrats! 
Congrats! (:
That is my dream ring. Holy beautiful!
Congratulations!

When I was a kid my parents went to this event called "Retrouvailles" I found out later that it was marriage counseling.  And now I know what it means.
This brought a smile to my face 
dude some of the french words that are there don't mean the definitions, I think a lot of these are just expressions.
That's a great name for counseling. The root, if you're curious, comes from the word "trouver," to find. "Retrouver" means to find again.
I'm telling you all; all of those who have felt love for so many people, without it being reciprocated, all those who have loved and been loved only to be heartbroken, and even to those who have found the the love of their life. It WILL come. You will find them. Your person. I just, not even 2 hours ago, talked to my best friend of almost 5 years about how much she loved me amorously. How she didn't realize it until I told her years before how I felt towards her. It didn't work then, and I moved on. But that place in my heart for her never left. We remained really close after that. Tonight, she asked me "do you think you feel the same way about me as you once did? Cause I think I might feel that way back."

We have not ceased talking and freaking out together since that moment. We were meant to be this. 4 years we have grown together. Learned and taught eachother. And though at one point I felt ashamed and sad about feeling how I did, and moving on, i realize now without that step; that bump in the road, we would have never made both our dreams come true.

Keep trying. Never hide your feelings. It's better to fail everytime than to never try at all. With each failure you have with a person, you learn. And you become smarter and smarter. And one day you will be able to know exactly when and who it is that feels the way you do, the one you were meant to be with.

Never give up. This feeling is the best I have ever felt EVER. 
actually another part of your story is similar.  You had to say goodbye the first time.  sometimes that happens.  That is my story with this girl.  When we met and dated for a while years ago, we were in love, it was real love BUT we both had soooooo much shit going on...too much.  We had to go our separate ways.
Thank goodness we got each other back...and same with you two.
Don't be ashamed that you had to go, just be grateful you're here now.

If anyone is reading this that is in a similar boat.  You're dating someone but there is sooo much happening that you just can't be with that person.  Make a pact to stay in touch.  Break up for a year or 2 if you have to but check in.  Sometimes it's right person, wrong time and some journeys are too hard to drag someone through.
This brought a tear to my eye. Great read. I love seeing people get excited :)
I can't explain right now but I love you man. There's hope for me
This is exactly what I needed to hear!!
Fuck man, I went on reddit today for the first time in a while and this is what I read. I have the same thing, more or less. I know she is, or has been, in love with me but she does not want anything to do with love and I just don't understand why. I have a friend who is very much like me, and he fell in love with a girl from the same group of friends as "my" girl's. He managed to get into a relationship with her but it ended in drama and that influenced my crush a lot, further confirming her views on love. :/
I fell in love with one of my dearest friends that I dated over 30 years ago.  It was one day a year and a half ago, I approached her to get closer.....at the time I was thinking friend/friend with benefits...just get closer.  One kiss.   We haven't stopped.   I'm marrying her this year.

I love your words...what you said...never hide your feelings.  It worked for me.     I wish you and your love a lifetime of happiness together!!!!!
Thx that's exactly what I needed to hear right now. Seriously people, don't give up if you feel that they're "it" for you. Even if they reject you it doesn't necessarily have to be a bad thing. I heard a lot of dating advices about how you should stay away from someone who rejected you to not get friendzoned. The thing is that if you sincerely love someone it probably won't go away with time. So why not keep this person in your life? As long as you keep certain rules it should be fine. And you never know it may actually turn out how you wanted in the end just like with op. 
May happiness never leave you and may all your dreams come true :)
Kinda wish this between me and my best friend, who started off as a crush. She has the most fantastic personality, is drop dead gorgeous, caring, kind, you get the picture. 

I talked to her and tried hinting at things over the years. I have found out in doing so that she views me as one of her closest friends, nothing more. Im not her type, physically. Im happy with the fact we are best friends, but. She would be damn close to 
perfect.
Thank you for this story <33
Wow. This is inspiring. I thought I'd found someone special not long ago because I couldn't feel remotely for anyone after being burned so many times, but this time it was so much different (still is). Then this someone blindsided me with the "don't want to pursue a relationship" line, and I can't seem to get past it almost a month later. So reading something like this really eases the sting. Thanks for sharing. I'm so happy for you, whoever you two may be. 
A little while ago, after not having been in contact with her for a while, my friend persuaded me to pursue my feelings for her and write her a Christmas card. I did, and she reacted positively. I have never been so happy in my life. My legs were literally shaking, I felt high, and even a little nauseous from it.

That's really impressive, hope she appreciated the time and effort into making something that fiddly :)
THIS is incredible! Much kudos to you, I hope she loved it! Wishing you well.
What the fuck? Get the fuck out.

Everyone likes hot lesbians right? =D
ayayayayaayyaya lesbians!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats!


U guys are so prec!
Literally said "damn" out loud when I saw this picture :X Clearly you seem unfazed and can hold your own against the assholes on this thread which is good because I appreciate your beauty! Both of you!
A most beautiful couple if I may say so. Just look at the glow on your faces.
GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You two are adorable together. :) I hope you continue to lead happy lives with one another. 
But that doesn't make sense, you are both chicks...? Wait, does one of you have a penis, nice try mister lefty, very sneaky
Where are the hot lesbians?
Dude
Ooooh. Clever.


I just see two moderately overweight women who are at best mediocre, I apologize for not partaking in the gay circlejerk.
Don't listen to them. I'd go gay for either of you in a heartbeat.
Also way to go, Body Police, for being able to look at a photo of two faces that is not even the best quality and determine that we're "moderately overweight" and "mediocre at best". Perhaps your forays into lesbian pornography have given you the wrong idea as to what we do/what we look like?

 TL:DR: I guess you look like a supermodel, eh? Also: you're a douchebag. 
For a second maybe you were targeting us, then read the other comments you've made on posts around reddit and realized that you're just an asshole in general. You go, dude. 

Also, not sure where you got the idea that this is a "circle jerk" as my comment about hot lesbians was obviously a joke, and this is /r/love. 

So please, if you would, kindly fuck off. :)
[removed]
I simply don't find a need to masquerade around to make the politically correct idiots around here happy to prance around with their entirely unchallenged and ill thought out world views.

>Also, not sure where you got the idea that this is a "circle jerk" as my comment about hot lesbians was obviously a joke, and this is /r/love

You were offended by what I said, that means you weren't joking about the 'hot lesbians' comment otherwise you would have taken what I said in jest.
Also, excuse me for not being offended that you have insinuated that you think we are "fat, ugly real life lesbians", as I am an adult with a full time job, a life outside of the Internet, and a relationship, and you are simply a troll. 

Zero fucks are given. :)
Your preferences are your preferences, my dear, and I do not judge you for that. But please, do not pretend for one second that you have any idea what you are talking about as far as our weight/overall health is concerned. Unless you possess a PHD in medicine? 

And if you aren't interested in what I find attractive, then why are you trolling /r/love? 
All ill will aside, I am genuinely curious as to what you think is ill-thought out. 

Seriously. If you would be interested in intelligent, non-argumentative discussion, PM me. I would love to hear your side of things. 

Genuinely. 
Zero fucks are given yet youv'e replied to my comment three times now, last time you replied twice, looks more like ylou're trying to convince yourself?
Yet you get all upset and annoyed when I say I don't like overweight, mediocre looking women.

>But please, do not pretend for one second that you have any idea what you are talking about as far as our weight/overall health is concerned. Unless you possess a PHD in medicine?

This is incredibly poor reasoning, for one thing you don't need a PHD in medicine to understand weight/overall health, for another a PHD in medicine probably isn't even the best way to even understand healthy dieting and eating.

I'm not even going into the part about how being overweight is linked to heart disease, diabetes and a myriad of other illnesses.

The infield page says "file not found" :/
This.
Wow, just seeing this gif made me understand how much I love her... I'm going to tell her next time I see her, I need to.

Beautiful!
This is what happens when you wait on women.
But you're the doctor.  Time is irrelevant to you!
Sweet user name. Take me with you!!

I'm confused.  How could you be attending a university now yet met each other in kindergarten 13 years ago?
who took the picture?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
We're Canadian, so in kindergarten, most kids are 5 years old. Elementary school is K-7, then high school is 8-12, and then university/college starts at age 18. So we're both in first year university at age 18.
Maybe they're not american, so they have different scholar system, i don't know exactly how it wprks there, but for example, here in Italy we have 13 years of regular school, divided in 5 elementary, 3 medium and 5 high scholl, then who wants go to university, so that's possible
Tripod + timer, we don't have a lot of photos together so I brought my camera and tripod when I went to see her
I obviously should've been held back a few more years.  That makes perfect sense.
Exactly as we do, it wasn't that impossible, see ?
Ohhh ok. Well good luck OP.

They've aged really well!
Why is your dad always surprised

They look great!

That's awesome! It's so cool to still know there are folks around who've been together for ages, my grandparents just celebrated their 60th anniversary yesterday. :) internet hugs to you & your folks! (and wishes for many more years for your parents!)
Clark Kent is your dad?
What's their secret to a happy marriage?
he looks like psycho bill nye
Grgagbeddjhjhgrfbhtnjgkfdhhg jazz 
Awwwwwww.
You have gorgeous parents! I'm jealous of your gene pool :3
DAMN! That's because he can't take those EYES off of her!!!
Thank you I think so too!
Haha! We have made fun of him for that for years.  He has a terrible picture smile. He is a bit awkward but I love him. 
Aw how cool! Thank you!
That's funny. Everyone has said he looks like Christopher Reeves. 
From what I have witnessed.. 
1. God
2. Compromise 
3. Their undeniable love for my brother and I. 
Beware of the folks from r/Atheism who are about to swarm with downvotes and criticize you for your "irrational, illogical and archaic belief in a deity", the would rather appear intelligent than let you be happy. Anyhow, enough about that aha
Why would I "beware" of someone that has different beliefs than myself? I don't swarm atheists posts with down votes. I think you my friend are the irrational one. I'll pray for you. :)
What? I was merely mentioning that the people over at r/atheism are a little... extreme (e.g. telling people off if they say "bless you" after they sneeze). I'm not an Atheist (though this really has nothing to do with belief but rather with a certain group of people, people can believe whatever they want), I just noticed the fact that your post had -1 karma and I presumed it was because you mentioned God.
I see. Thanks for lookin out. Yeah I figured someone would down vote it but I was just answering a question honestly. I'm not going to let the possibility of judgment keep me from talking about something I'm passionate about. Since obviously everyone else on reddit does the same. Lol. 
I agree completely, just pointing out how ridiculous some people can be. I know people who take physical of offense to my theism for some reason. Anyhow, gnight

Yup

That is absolutely beautiful. 
Who's cutting the onions! 

Now thats a good woman right there.
What a tragic and beautiful story.
Shit yeah.
Thank you for living.

[deleted]
Well I love OP (little bit of homo)

Hello V-Day card!

I've been spending the last three months working on my girlfriends anniversary gift. It's a jewelry box; I cut the wood, painted it, felted it, gold foiled it, basically I've been trying to do everything to make sure she loves it. 

I was up until 3:00AM last morning working on it, I lost track of time just thinking about how happy she'll be when she gets it. 
I actually like that.
When I read jewelry box I thought you were going for the "dick in a box" route... Your idea is better though. 
[Well now that I think about it...](http://t.qkme.me/3pp9f1.jpg)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvT20791_w0

Awww good for you ;-)
You meet some pretty damn amazing people at those hospitals, yeah? I felt so much love and understanding.
Made me tear up. I'm so glad you're doing better.
Glad to hear you are doing well.
aww that's so sweet! :)
I have some of the same things I keep with me. :)
I Dont know you but I send u a big kiss and a strong hug from the soul

This is great and should be shared more.... there is always hope 
The shortest thing I've read that has made my eyes water. Funny how so few words can do that.
this is so fucking stupid 


Just beautiful. You both look so completely in love. Congratulations! 
What a fantastic picture and even more fantastic couple! Congrats to you both :) may you live long and happy lives together!

Awesome!!

[sorry to make you feel insignificant, but...](http://i.imgur.com/NRSQQ.jpg)
Yeah.. boy, do I know that feel.

I love this! Thanks, OP.
Totally lovely to see.
that dark fucker is just like 
"DAYUM BITCH YOU LOOK FINE AS FUCK TODAY!"


Hey that's me!
I don't think he stumbled upon it :(
:(
Ah is he moving close enough to try to keep you guys goin?

May I ask, out of curiosity, why they didn't get married before 18 years? What's their story?
1. Sell movie rights to Nicholas Sparks
2.????
3. Profit
Love is real. Real is love.

:) My parents have been together for 25 years! They are not married. I wish they would get married... It would be beautiful! 

Well I guess that makes you a bastard
I have no idea why they waited for so long. They met 18 years ago, she had two children from a man who beat her, they fell in love in Ukraine. 6 years later he had to move to US with his family, mom was broken because she thought it was over. He worked really hard but got the 3 of us to move to US. 3 years ago they had a baby boy :) 
jeez what's that obsession with marriage for everyone?
3. Profit*

formatting*
Yes I am! 
Fail

i think the pic on itself would be really cute, if it's in a different angle and distance.  
still have an upvote left
I think it's adorable! Would love to see a front view. :)
Not trying to be rude or anything, but I swear I've seen this picture before. 
"to whoever I end up with.

honestly, I can't wait for the days I get to run 
around the house with you. the nights I get to roll 
over and see you peacefully sleeping. the evenings 
I get to take you to dinner. the nights where we 
stay in and watch stupid movies all night. the days 
we go on random adventures with no destination. 
the midnight trips to the store because we were 
hungry or ran out of alcohol. the mornings I get to 
cook you breakfast. there's so much more I could 
say but to be honest I just can't wait to experience 
life with you."
Damn, I'd upvote this ten times over if I could. Nvm, I'll settle for memorizing every word in the order you wrote this.

I think definitely has some  truth in it-and if you think about that too much it can make you sad
I love this, but it makes me terribly sad.  My boyfriend's ex is the one I'm always compared to. Though he swears he doesn't want the same kind of love with me that he had with her, I can't help but feel like I'm not good enough because I will never be to him what she was. It's a horrible feeling. 
i know that feel
Holy shit man you just made me reflect on life.
Oh man.... That hit some nerves that I was not even aware existed. :( 
I'm sorry u feel or felt that way.
Worst part is it's very accurate. 

"Merry Christmas you filthy animal." :)
Eeek! What a handsome little man. Also your tree is stunning!

It's really sweet actually 
Naw girl, that shit cute.
I think it's awesome, people in /r/longdistance would probably adore it!
Not dumb. Totally awesome. Looks like something I would do. :)
Guys, thanks so much for your comments. I feel better. I think he'll like it.
I love it! I want it! Pocket watches news to make a come back and I don't mean phones. 
Yeah.... I like it.
its amazing 
I think it's sweet 
This is ... nice ;_;


Ah it's from Things remembered! I work there. :p
I always love the stories behind gifts, yours is especially sweet. I'm sure hell love it :)
I might have to steal this some day...
Oh that's so good to know. My stomach hurts now that it's on the way to him!!
Beetush, were you serious, or you don't really like it? If you don't, it's cool...I just want to know why. I'm so nervous now that it's on the way to him.
You don't have to be nervous. If he has even the slightest sense of romance he will love it. 

And I was serious, it really is a nice gift. I know how tough having long distance relationships can be, had my fair share of those and this is a nice reminder that someday it will get better. 

Stay in love. 
	
Have you ever missed someone so much that it hurt? And I’m not
talking normal hurt. I’m not talking about that feeling in your gut when
 you think about what you miss. That little sigh, you wish they were 
here. No. I’m talking about physical pain. Missing someone so badly 
that your stomach aches, and your legs cramp up, and you feel so 
frustrated that you could hit someone, and your head splits when you
 think about them and how far away they are from you. I’m talking 
about missing someone so much that one thought or memory of them
 can cause you to smile, weep, and vomit, all at the same time. I’m 
talking about when you miss them so much that you want to keep 
thinking of them, because you want to keep crying, because you’re
 afraid that if they’re gone too long you might forget, so you keep 
thinking of them so you miss them more. Because missing them makes
 you think of them. You’re so afraid that you may lose what you’re 
feeling. You know that the feelings you have are so true, so strong, so
 real, that they could burn through you like a fire; killing everything 
that’s left of you. Leaving a shell of who you used to be, before them.
 You know that it’s dangerous to miss them this much. It could hurt 
you, it could hurt them. And that’s the last thing you ever want to do,
 because hurting them would surely be the worst thing you can 
possibly imagine. But despite your fears, and the knowledge that the
 feelings you have could ruin you, you keep hold of them desperately.
 Clinging to them. 
	
You do this for one reason.
	
Because these feelings are all you have left of the person you miss. They’re gone, for whatever reason, for a long time, or possibly 
forever. It doesn’t matter which. But you miss everything about them,
 and you want to keep missing them. You want to keep hurting 
because it makes you remember them. 
	
And you do this because you know the moment you stop having
 these feelings; the moment you don’t think of them the moment you 
wake up, and before you go to sleep, and every time in between. The
moment that happens, you might forget them. You know if you stop 
hurting you might forget them. They might fade into your memory.
They could become just another person you used to know. Another
 blurry memory without definition. Their importance could fade into the
 background. You’re so afraid that you might forget the way they 
looked, and felt. You always have pictures, but pictures were never
 enough for me, at least. You still forget the way they felt when they
 smiled, the way their eyes lit up like stars when they laughed. The 
way their lips formed a smile, and the way their teeth looked when 
they grinned. You’ll forge the way they sounded. The way their laugh
 tasted, and the way it bubbled inside of you and made you so warm 
and so happy that you thought nothing could ever stop you from 
smiling. The way their hands felt in yours. The way their body felt
 against yours; the way it was so warm, so inviting. The way you felt
 like nothing could touch you as long as you were in their arms. You 
might forget how their body moved when they walked or dance, or ran, 
or sat. How their mouth formed each syllable they spoke. The way 
their lips felt against yours. The stupid quirks that they had that 
somehow drove you crazy, but made you smile bigger than you ever 
thought possible. 
	
What if you forgot it? What if you forgot all of it? What if one 
day you woke up and you couldn’t remember the way they made you 
feel? What could you do? They were gone, and you would have to 
move on. 
	
But moving on is the last thing on your mind. 
	
Because you love them. 
	
There has never been a truer feeling in your heart and soul than 
the feeling you have for this person. They literally mean the world to 
you. You can’t imagine life without them. And you can’t remember life 
before them. When you met them you knew that they were a knew 
person, but at the same time it was as if you had known them your 
entire life. You feel so utterly comfortable around them that you would 
tell them your deepest secrets, and your most private thoughts if they 
so desired to hear them. You could tell them and not have a second 
thought; because despite the fact that you just met them, you 
trusted them wholeheartedly. Traits that they possess that you would 
despise in another person are bearable, or even charming in them. You 
see the world in a whole new way because of them. The moment they 
stepped into your life the meaning of it changed. A new course was 
set for you that fateful moment, and you’ll never give it up. 
	
You love them. So you miss them. And you hurt for them. You 
would probably die for them. So this pain of longing isn’t so bad after 
all. Considering what you would do for them, if only they asked it of 
you. You let the pain take you over once in a while. You give into the 
tears and the pain. You cry for hours even, just at a thought of them. 
But it’s worth every second of hurt. Because for all the pain you 
endure for them, they’re worth it to you. The feeling that you get 
when you’re with them, even if it’s going to be years until that moment 
again, you wouldn’t give up for anything. Not for an instant. Because 
you know if you let yourself stop missing them you’ll forget. And 
forgetting them means forgetting the way they make you feel. It 
means forgetting love. And love is never something to give up on. 
	
Missing them means you remember them. And remembering them 
is all you have left. 
	
It may seem silly to cling to a feeling that hurts so much. After 
all, if you forgot and moved on wouldn’t you be happier? But then 
comes the fear. If you forget all that they were and all they made you 
feel how would you find it again?  You may meet someone who makes 
you happy, not as purely happy as the other, but happy. And you may 
compromise. What if you forget and take something less than you had? 
And then what if the one you had comes back, and causes you to 
remember. How could one endure? How could you leave the one you 
had settled for, how could you hurt them like that? But how could you 
go on after remembering what it was like with the one you really fell 
for?
This is all my feels at the moment. I can't stop thinking of the one I love. She won't text. She won't answer. I just cry a little more each day. Thinking the pain might stop. Praying it doesn't cause I don't want to forget. 
To everyone who responded:
Thanks for reading my wall of text. I wrote it just to vent, but didn't really expect any responses.
I'm sorry you've had to feel what I'm feeling... But somewhat relieved that I'm not alone... Though it doesn't fix anything to know that other people are going through the same terrible feelings I am. 

But, I'm a girl, and he's a boy 
this got me right in the feels :(

I'm currently in another country studying while my SO is back home and it's so painful. my chest feels like it has a huge weight on it all the time. sure the five hour phone calls are okay but nothing compares to the physical feeling of them against you while you sleep at night. nothing.
Like everyone else here, you've somehow managed to put the pains and feelings of my heart and soul into words. I'm tearing up again now... an almost daily occurence for me (a strange change of pace, given that prior to the breakup I hadn't cried in years). That pain that you describe is now my reality. And the joy that you knew with them only makes the pain harder to bear. Combined with the fact that you know that in all realistic likelihood you will never have her back, and you can't imagine anyone else in the world filling the hole in your chest and making life worth living like she did.. it makes it difficult to even keep pushing through this shitstorm we call life. Usually I find lots of solace when I'm enduring something difficult by connecting with other people in the same boat... but with this, this is the greatest pain that one can endure; it's so great, that even connecting with others, having other shoulders to cry on, hardly does anything to dull the pain.

I'm reminded of a quote from Princess Bride, "Life is pain. Anyone who tells you different is trying to sell you something." And as I accept that fact, and as I accept the fact that I will never have her in my life again.. I feel a part of myself die; the innocent, playful, romantic, loving part that believed in love and believed in happy endings to this life.
Yes, all of this but knowing that if I don't let her go, she won't be happy. All I truly want is for her to be happy, even if I'm not.
Yes. Every single day.
Yes :(
And now she wont even text me back, which is hard enough seeing that she is not near me anymore.
This is how I feel right now. I can't eat, I can't sleep. 

All I know is, I knew true love, and even though it hurts now, time will eventually heal (a bit, anyway). 
This is my first time ever posting on here, this is exactly where I am though. It's literally been months since I've seen the love of my life. I still don't know why she left, all I know I that I miss her so much. I would give anything just to hold her in my arms. I pray for it, although I know it probably won't happen. As corny as music quotes are, three days grace sums it up, I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all :/
Yeah, that soul aching, stomach into lead feeling you get whenever you think about the person you love being just *poof* gone. Faster than darkness chasing the light away after you shut off the light, or faster than you could remember the last time she exhaled a breathe into your ear. I get it. I remember and it hurts so badly that you just wish you could curl up and die. I know I did, I remember everyone telling me "It's okay, one day it'll get better, one day you'll wake up and forget all about why you hurt in the first place." To me, that was so fucking wrong it couldnt even be put into words. I love her, I will always love her, and I will keep her in my heart for as long as I physically can before I tear myself apart, because if you hold on long enough, it'll happen. 

Love isnt something you can get rid of. It isnt something that just goes away. True, honest love, that something I will at least fight for till the day I stop drawing air into my lungs and the earth rips asunder beneath me.

I will always love my baby. She will always be my baby. There wont be a day I think about her sapphire eyes, the way she lit up the room with a laugh, or the careless way she slipped the warmth of her heart every time she held me. 

I'll die with her, or I'll die alone, because sometimes, some people are worth the love.
I must comment... I do feel that ache, right now; that almost emptiness you get when you haven't seen them in whatever amount of time... At this point she's only been gone for 8-9 hours and I miss her already. .-. I cannot sleep at all ive stayed up all night so far waiting for her to respond to my messages... 

We live 2 states away from each other and we have never met physically, but we met online and we were just "buddies" until I developed feelings for her... One day I just said it and she confessed she felt the same way... I've loved her ever since; she is my everything. One day I will meet her in person, and, in accordance to how I was raised, court her for a while before popping the question. We've both agreed that the answer will be yes when it comes along... The only question is when:3 

but when she isn't there... I feel empty. I need her to tell me she loves me... How else would I know if she still did? 

The point is, I agree. I've felt that pain, more than once or twice. I feel it every time I don't get a proper goodbye... If I don't feel like i spent enough time with her, I get worried sick... I miss my Morgan .-. 
Reddit. I need your help. I am in a similar situation except I may have one more chance...
The love of my life moved to Florida 3 months ago. We had a large fight before our 3 year anniversary and spontaneously decided to move down to Florida with her friend. This is along with encouragement from her parents who do not really support our relationship. I had a feeling that this was to make a statement and not entirely exactly what she wanted to do.Last week I get a call from her after we have not talked for 3 months. She was crying and telling me how much she hates where she moved to and misses me and our homestate. we talked for like half a hour and she had told me she was moving back. Next day after speaking to her parents they convinced her to stay where she was. She will be visiting in a couple weeks near Christmas and staying with me for 2 days. My question to you. What can you do in 2 days to show someone (who you know loves yoU) that you are the best decision they ever made. I am not rich, but money is not the issue. I am up for any advice that you have. Could be my last chance before shes gone forever! Thank you! 
Ugh, I know exactly what you're talking about. I went through that entire cycle...

in the span of two days. He left for a sports tournament and I barely survived the weekend! He was pretty confused at all the attention he got when he came back. Boy am I ridiculous sometimes. 
You took the words right from me... Fortunately this time for me only lasted for a while as I was lucky enough to find someone better than the one I was crying over 
dont worry
I feel the exact same way... So I just don't let him know that I'm still holding on... 
Your comment made me smile. It's funny knowing that many people do the same things.

That's an awesome pic and congrats to them both!
That's so beautiful :) 
Thanks very much :) It was taken on a hill called Trencrom in Cornwall, UK and you can see two sides of the coastline from it

SHE SAID YES!!!!!!!!!!!! :D , officially engaged 

I pray to god your girlfriend doesn't have a reddit account....
how are you going to propose? Do you have a plan and if so I would like to know
Beautiful ring! She'll love it :) 
Hi there maRa11, i'm planning to surprise her as we recently got apart from each other cities due to work, and our anniversary will be during the week,  i want to take her to a romantic dinner, and be just straight to the point, with my heart open, because of the situation and our schedules, this is what i see as the best way to do it, of course ,i'm all ears for better ideas.
Thank you !! :)
[deleted]
nice and simple sometimes is the best way to go. Just keep us posted I want to know how it goes tho I am sure she will say yes
Noted!!, flowers were already on mind :P
Will keep you posted, it is the first time i do something like this, and hopefully the last =)
=)
I am guessing you will be getting married soon! congratulations!! what happened, what was her reaction? 
Haven't proposed yet, still two weeks away :)

I wish I could feel that for once.
Pictures like this make me hella wet.
Sweetness
DAYUM.
That's lovely. You guys look fantastic together. 
A beautiful picture of me and my boyfriend. FTFY
thats what I thought, then it nearly kills  you when it ends, but I still up vote you :)

That may be someone's ideal, but it also reminds me of this joke: If a man says something in a forest and there is no woman to hear him, is he wrong anyway?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Beautiful.
What if you've lost your soul mate because you just have an ego that can't lose :(
Care to elaborate? I've always felt that the way we learn, particularly as adults, is to have out past ideas shattered and formed into a more correct one. According to EG, that is also what a soul mate should do. 
Love would lose so much meaning if it was available from everyone. 
Sure but without any mentions of support, respect, and acceptance you must see how this could just as easily be abusive rather than "challenging". Accepting another person wholly is a challenge and a big part of what love is about. Though these things may happen in a natural, healthy context, trying to change someone is obviously very negative. There is a huge gap between pushing someone to be their best with your full respect and support and what is being described here because it doesn't have that framework include. This may describe some good relationships, however, striving for this will product many more bad and abusive ones.
I can see that, I guess my mind just sort of implied it. 
I think the quote meant that when we're by ourselves, we're caught in our own facade of a personality and ego. When we let someone enter our lives through the deep and intimate way of love, we're suddenly confronted with ourselves and our old habits. When on top of the new and fresh platform of love and loving another human being, you begin to question who you really are and wonder whether or not your old habits really define you. What once was a reality is now being recognized as an illusion, or a facade. Love can be a catalyst for self discovery and awakening in that sense. 

You guys make such a cute couple! :) 
Congratulations! You both are so beautiful together. I wish you the best :)
You look so happy together.:) adorable couple.
I applaud the two of you. 
Love is a marvelous thing! There are truly no words to describe it

Thank you! He makes me so incredibly happy :]
[deleted]
I'm that guy, and I know how to fucking use it, enjoy your Mom's basement
[deleted]
Where does she address me as boy, and she didn't imply that at all. She said she found love, and we have, I'll be happy whether or not you assume we have a terrible sex life, which we don't. Love is something to be celebrated, not insulted, so try to be less pessimistic.
[deleted]
You're a fucking asshole, glad the best thing you can do in your spare time is research my posts to win a reddit argument that, no matter what, you can't win, because I AM in love, and my girlfriend is beautiful, and while I may look like a boy I'm certainly more mature than you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
All your assumptions aren't going to get you anywhere in life. You cannot know how big anyone's genital is based on text.
[deleted]
Yes, please twist my words around, thank you.

Aww that's kinda nice. 
Yes!
I love this 

And he left it when he was drunk? He is a keeper. That means he really loves you...
Too sweet 
I'm home for the holidays and haven't seen my girlfriend of two years in over two weeks. We've been apart way longer but all the mistletoe and lack of snuggling was really gettin' to me. Luckily, she drove two hours into the heart of rural Missouri to give me a lift to the airport in St. Louis yesterday.

We spend the morning with my family, subsisting on handholding and a little foot-on-foot action under the table. It's gross, but we're desperate. We finally break free and begin the long drive to the airport. She's tired so I gladly take the wheel of her mom's car. At one of the very last stoplights in town, we start kissing. *Hard.*

It was a supersensory combination, a spiritual experience akin to eating the world's most perfect green bean casserole, only the cream of mushroom soup has been replaced by a mix of psychedelic shrooms and leprechaun semen. Like legions of unicorn-riding gospel choirs were streaming into my ears in lockstep, like planets full of daffodils were exploding beneath my nostrils into celestial bouqets, like a million tiny, half-Asian polydactyl masseuses were gently working every ounce of tension out of my trembling frame, like seeing Christ himself appear before you. But he's wearing a tuxedo. Made of electric guitars. And bacon.

It was perfect. My bloodflow was instantly redirected southward. I closed my eyes, unable to see anything anyway due to the raging erection blocking my view (mine). It was at that exact moment when my foot slipped off the brake and we lurched into the 2008 Jeep Liberty just a few feet in front of us. It ruined the moment (but ended up not ruining our day!).

Now I'm paying over 500 bucks out of my own pocket for that Jeep's repairs, which is completely absurd given the fact that my slip-up resulted in two small scratches. However, in the interest of being a gentleman, I refuse to have my girlfriend's mother's insurance premiums go up. That is the lamest thing I've ever typed while bursting with pride, but I wanted to share it with you, Reddit.

The kiss was worth it.
Where can I get this casserole recipe?
A...are you Douglas Adams? 
metaphors arouse me
Just reading this?? I like you sir. You sound like a good person. Love on. 
Are you some sort of erotic writer? Great read by the way!
Applause!!! We once proved our love in a occupied rest area... Ahhh the fine for public fornicating was so worth it.
You made my day.
Don't even bother, my man. One serving requires over 200 individual leprechaun "contributions." It's exhausting!
Nah, man. Just a regular dude who really appreciates your comment!
Thanks, buddy! You keep on lovin', too!
Thanks, JacKoGraveS! Nice to know this little bit of writin' could still brighten someone's day two months after the fact! I hope you had a great Valentine's Day!
[deleted]
Too true. Although according to that math it comes (ha!) out to $2.66 a tug.

I thought about a spring season in Chernobyl first. After all those years, you should see how the nature is taking her place back. Beautiful to see.
This is one of the most beautiful pictures I've seen in awhile. 

This could also be titled "As a single girl during spring" but then it would have to be about weddings. lol
that's okay dude, i recently discovered i was a forever aloner, the moment i stopped being one, hang in there!

I just love this so much. I hope you get your heart back, or find a new one.
[deleted]
Thanks
Me too. I'll give you a hug. >hug<

So beautiful! 

Yeah i did that too. Yesterday i finally got the guts to talk to her. She has a boyfriend.
Don't give up boys. 

For a comedy, this can be an extremely heart-warming show :)
"Once you stop this car, I'm going to hug you, and kiss you, and then I'll never be able to let you go."

Are you Billie Piper!?
You guys look like a couple trying to stay together and survive during The Anarchy, the troublesome period in the 12th century during which the Empress Maude and King Stephen fought over the English crown. I'm seeing you as the feisty daughter of a prominent and well-respected farmer and him as the naive but kind-hearted monk living at an abbey neighboring your father's farm.


EDIT: Oh yeah, and this all takes place in an episode of *Cadfael*.
congratulations :)
Congrats! May life shower you with happiness!
Congratulations!! :)
Congratulations!! :) 

I cannot wait until I am up on that altar waiting for my bride. :) you're so lucky!!
Rose Tyler?
You are very beautiful! Congratulations on you two :) he looks like a respectful young man :) I wish for the best of luck between you two :)
dem teeth
No, but everyone tells me that all the time. Thank you! :)

Well... that sounds exactly right.
Why, thank you! :)
She is very beautiful so be quiet. Be happy for them. And maybe that man doesn't care about looks but the accrual person within. I bet that man is a true gentleman. 
Of course! She's gorgeous and so are you! Congrats on the wedding too! Good luck!
accrual lol
Awww, thank you so much! <3
Actual

Go gramma! Rock on. 
"death does not part. only lack of love"
Your grandmother is a hipster, lol.
Your grandma is a total badass... And a hopeless romantic.. <3

JD and Turk would argue against that.
Upvote upvote upvote upvote upvote

These "tips" all assume the reader is a woman. Downboated for women on the Interbutts.
Reading them made me a woman of substance even though I was originally a man!

Your SO doesn't have to be in another country for this to be relevant sometimes...I feel like that some days and my SO is right here. 
[deleted]
Oh, do I know that feel...

Ah crap :/ i hope it gets better! I basically went from neighbors to him leaving in another country! But he's coming back soon!
Thank you for making me cry... That was beautiful..
I actually came here to post that after I saw the pic, Have an upvote.
It will get better...it's just a waiting game at the moment. But I don't play the waiting game well...I have no patience, so it's going to be a hard hall until the day we are finally together. But I would say you definitely have it harder, I do get to see my SO. Hang in there...better times are on the horizon. 
[deleted]
Oh that's so cute!
Wow... Agleast i feel manly now! Even though ima girl hahah
[deleted]
Well... You made me laugh! 
Hit a wall! It will make you feel manly again..

That's absolutely beautiful.
Love it.
Nice choice good sir ;)
I'm normally not a fan of engagement rings, but this - this is spectacular. 

Good job man, congratulations and best wishes to your fiancée! 

That is -so- adorable!

Wish you all the best :D 

Oh the imgur comments...
Love is takin' that dive and gettin' really comfortable and peein' in the pool.

And love is, a real life porn ... minus all the stuff that makes porn cool.

And love is, a homeless guy ... searchin' for treasure in the middle of the rain,

And finding a bag of gold coins and slowly finding out they're all filled with chocolate,

And even though he's heartbroken, he can't complain, because he was hungry in the first place.
I wrote this to someone special. Is this love?


I  think I owe you an apology ...All this lust 
clouded me to the truth that love is the most beautiful thing and it's about swans, you're a swan, different, I saw that in you, your innocence, until you sat at a table half cut and announced that you love a saveloy in your lips, well. Not your proudest moment and not mine asking you to give me head. I want to have fun, but not fun that hurts people, because compassion is the greatest part of love and discretion is the better part of valour. I've found that no matter what I have to offer, a life beautiful, a place in this enigmatic country, the way to love is temperance and fortitude, inner strength and honour. I am true in my heart and my heart is true like the arrows of desire that spring from my bow of burning gold. I could play games with you but it's not a game, it's about future and reality, we should  keep it right instead of real, and look around and work out what it is that we see in each other when we sit so distant yet so close quietly regarding each other with curious eyes, who is this lovely creature god sent to me and what is she trying to teach me, we're all here to learn and bounce off eachother, to become what we're supposed to, to fly in a flock, but what is this destiny and why do I wake thinking of you and seeing but not touching such is the shining light that comes from your being, that brings me back home with dulcet tones, your soft, velvet voice, music to my ears and calm for my soul. Your giant doe eyes that would like a siren's call pull any ship off course to be crashed against the rocks, but my compass is good, and I know these seas, I am the captain of this ship, and I'll navigate her safely home, and lead you in this dance so that your eyes can be a lighthouse guiding ships to a safer course, because that's what they are, a beacon for lost souls, and here I am, a shepherd for those who have lost their way, because I know this precarious route I have sailed it a thousand times but I have never seen such a valuable thing as you to light the way and guide me home to where serenity lives.ne. All this lust clouded me to the truth that love is the most beautiful thing and it's about swans, you're a swan, different, I saw that in you, your innocence, until you sat at a table half cut and announced that you love a saveloy in your lips, well. Not your proudest moment and not mine asking you to give me head. I want to have fun, but not fun that hurts people, because compassion is the greatest part of love and discretion is the better part of valour. I've found that no matter what I have to offer, a life beautiful, a place in this enigmatic country, the way to love is temperance and fortitude, inner strength and honour. I am true in my heart and my heart is true like the arrows of desire that spring from my bow of burning gold. I could play games with you but it's not a game, it's about future and reality, we should  keep it right instead of real, and look around and work out what it is that we see in each other when we sit so distant yet so close quietly regarding each other with curious eyes, who is this lovely creature god sent to me and what is she trying to teach me, we're all here to learn and bounce off eachother, to become what we're supposed to, to fly in a flock, but what is this destiny and why do I wake thinking of you and seeing but not touching such is the shining light that comes from your being, that brings me back home with dulcet tones, your soft, velvet voice, music to my ears and calm for my soul. Your giant doe eyes that would like a siren's call pull any ship off course to be crashed against the rocks, but my compass is good, and I know these seas, I am the captain of this ship, and I'll navigate her safely home, and lead you in this dance so that your eyes can be a lighthouse guiding ships to a safer course, because that's what they are, a beacon for lost souls, and here I am, a shepherd for those who have lost their way, because I know this precarious route I have sailed it a thousand times but I have never seen such a valuable thing as you to light the way and guide me home to where serenity lives.

Hugs!  
How could anyone die at all much less almost 3 years?! The gall. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. :( 
Is the 7th photo down garden of the gods colorado springs?

Sorry for loss, good to remember goodness. ;)
This is beautiful. I have all the feels right now T-T
I'm sorry for your loss. :(

haha I remember when I used to do that too so funny
Yup I remember those days to.... I finally gave in and moved 3000 miles to be with him :)
Oh lord...I was in an LDR for 6 years. First met after a year and a half of correspondence and these types of phone calls. After that was only able to visit on breaks from uni. Now we are happily married on HIS side of the country. It's hard. I understand.
That's so awesome of you :) i'm happy for you two. Sadly me and her split :(
This makes me happy. Upvote for you. :)
Me and my LD bf have been together 3 years and almost 8 months now. I graduate college in a few weeks and we hope to move in together at least a year from now on his side of the country. 
That's awesome! Yep it is possible. The hardest part is being away from my family, but I get to visit sometimes, and we have his family as a support system. That might be one of the most important parts because if two people just try to brave it alone right off the bat, it gets really hard. It's always better to have a solid system of friends and family to help you out especially as things come up. The best part of being in an LDR was that we really grew to be best friends. We just celebrated our 8 year anniversary a few weeks ago. Good luck to you and your man!

This is heartwarming.
Taboo

you look hot

How do you know it's love?
So sweet. Sweet old raisins :)
things like this give me hope

This is the cutest way I've ever seen someone tell someone else that they smell.
aww that IS love

I'm getting an imgur page that says file not found, do you have another link?
They are probably preparing for a beak battle and not a lame kiss.
How cute. 
:)
Seriously, don't. Whatever you worry about regarding your partner, it's unneeded most of the time. They are as much of an intelligent being as you are and will be just fine. As will be your relationship if you both want it.

Just something I learned today and wanted to share. Love is only as complicated as you make it.
Great advice. I wish my girlfriend would worry less. She worries that one day I will leave her...but I have been saving up for over a month now to buy a $4,000 dollar ring and propose to her 😐
That is the most absolutley vague and abstract advice ever.


Or maybe I just worry too much.
=|
Terrific advice.  Don't ignore it.
Eh, I disagree.  Read Gottman's 7 Principles of marriage... way before you ever get married. Gold standard.
Great advice.

Too late for me though :(
I can't control my jealousy :/


Thanks for your positive words. But, love seems damn complicated to me all the time. I make my mind that i'm not gonna think about it and see what i'm thinking. 
I Love You , my handsomeness
XXXXXXXXXX
Night , my gorgeousness
XXXXXXXXXX

Sweet Dreams , babe
XXXXXXXXXX
Nice. I wish you the best of luck!

My gf and me are both worrywarts. She's worried that she's not a "relationship person", I'm worried I can't make her happy and when I've not heard from her over a long time(we have a long distance relationship going)

It's hard not to worry when you care, which is why I posted this. A kind of reminder to myself ;)
If you want try another for love maybe you can try some online dating sites,[dating sexy girls](http://datingrichmen.org)is a very nice dating site where there are many sexy young girls and many rich men.just have a try.
I kept it abstract because I thought it's an important thing to learn for everyone. The whole situation I learned it from is rather specific(first girlfriend, long distance relationship, I'm a worrywart) and I worried(ha) that the more details given, the less it's viewable as general advice for worrywarts.
I glanced into it after reading your comment and... yeah, I agree with those principles, very much so. In fact, I found that they pretty much equate my own standards. Feels good.

I view the advice given above as a kind of counterbalance: I'm a huge worrywart AND I'm in a long distance relationship. If I give in and worry about her all the time, that's not only affecting myself negatively, it also affects the relationship. Not worrying as much is not the equivalent of not caring, it's about trust that your partner will be fine.
Thanks dude! I already know she is going to say yes so that's good. Hopefully getting a ring on that finger will get rid of any doubts she has about my love.

I have never been in a long distance relationship, but it does not sound easy. That must take a lot of commitment. How did you guys meet? And how far away are you?
But I am a worrywart and an askhole. I need to know and understand EVERY LITLLE THING. =(
Sorry.
We got together shortly before she traveled off to Munich to start an apprenticeship at a bakery over there. She was a friend from the art school I visited before my current college and we knew each other for 3 years prior to becoming a couple.

Considering the fact we both were sending signals but shying away from each other for a little less than 1 1/2 years, the whole reason we mustered up the courage to try was probably the fact that she was going to be away for 5 years. For the record, I live in Vienna. That's actually not that far by train, barring the current refugee crisis, so we have tried to meet whenever one of us has time off. 

I'm in college and she's working night shifts at a bakery, so last we met was Halloween. 


It's definitely not easy, but I'm confident it's going to work out myself. She's still unsure(she doesn't think she's good at relationships), but considering she took the first step, I'm set on helping her lose that uncertainty. 
No need to be sorry about that though.

I can try and explain as best as I can: Being the worrywart I am(and being fully aware of that), I tend to worry about stuff that's unreasonable to worry about normally(things like "do I call her or would she be annoyed?", "Did something happen to her?" when she doesn't answer calls for a few days, "Is she alright by herself?", "Did I do this or that wrong?", yadayada...)

The thing is, though, that many of those worries aren't actually justified as long as you try your best to be a good boyfriend(in this case). Realizing that was important to me, as I got blinded by worries and such, even when I *actually met her*. I felt that this couldn't be good for our relationship and talked to her about it. 

And she said something pretty simple but smart: "It's a waste of time to worry about things you can't control."

And she's right about that. She's away several hundreds of kilometers, so I can only trust she'll be alright since she's a smart person who can live for herself. If I'm asking myself if I did anything wrong, the thing to do is to trust that she'll tell me if I do fuck up badly.

I think the gist of it is that trusting is better than worrying, since every grown person can by default manage by herself and knows to speak up, if something's wrong.

I hope that clears up my thought process. I don't have much practice in explaining my thoughts.
There is no such thing as being "bad at relationships", as long as she puts some effort in. Just make sure you keep reassuring her that she is making you happy and that she is doing a good job. I'm in the US and my girlfriend lives an hour away so it's not bad. We went to school together for 3 years and I didn't get the courage to ask her out until we both graduated. We are both engineers and she is a damn genius. 
Why dream when every moment near you is better than any fantasy I could have?

Why fantasize when my reality with you is so uplifting, supportive and complete?

Why look backward when every moment I'm with you feels timeless?

You being you makes me feel loved completely as a person.  

My heart is forever yours.

Totally going to steal this for my none redditor wife... mwhahaha!
Im not on this subreddit that often, but I got to say. Impressive.

This is so beautiful! I cannot wait to have children of my own one day :)
Life has granted you another moment to cherish. Congrats! :-)
Thank you! They are so amazing. (:

Dude, I totally know how you feel.  The thing is, I gave her my all and she cast me aside for some guys she happened to meet on facebook.  Love gives us the most pain, man, it's so hard to cope with.  Best wishes to you.

-A fellow heartbroken.
Then drop her until she realizes what she's missing, dude! There are plenty of appreciative fish in the sea...
know that feel bro. I've been there. you were brave enough to tell her like it is, she isn't worthy. trust me, relationships are about one person feeling horrible. there's a girl out there for you and it isn't her.
:( I hope she comes around, or that you find someone better. (You make an adorable couple.)
you look strikingly familiar! massachusetts by any chance?
Being a girl who has had her heart broken MANY times and has also broken a few in my time, I can say just be true to your feelings. BUT. Be realistic about the outcome(s). 

Although she may not feel the same, don't psyche yourself for failure but don't kill that part of you that allows you to be passionate. You learn so much about yourself when you're in love, and also when you've lost it. If she's beautiful to you let her know when she needs to hear it. But don't deposit all of your energy when you know it's not reciprocal. She'll begin to enjoy your honesty and trust and who knows; maybe you'll get a growth spurt and she'll notice ;)
[removed]
It is your grammar, man. Step it up.
Thanks! this girl hasn't found another guy, but i know if she ever does, il be wrecked:/
well I told her how I felt and of course, it wasn't the same as how I do..
thanks, everyone telling me this is really making me feel better!

Awwhh, thanks! I though so too!
Couldn't care less*
redoswald speaks the truth. *couldn't care less.
Just smile and appreciate tonight as one of those nights where you took out a girl who you thought was really cute, but wasn't the one. Have a laugh at yourself about it. Figure out how you'll tell the story to your son in the future to make him feel better when he has a similar experience. Later, you'll be glad that you accepted the disappointment in such a graceful way without letting it ruin the night or the memory. ;)
Don't take it too hard; act like you're happy for her.  It'll keep away any awkwardness.  Best of luck.  :)
You love her, yes? Just think of it this way - she's happy. Isn't that what you wanted all along?
[It's gotta be 50/50 man.](http://i.imgur.com/mNygo.jpg)
*Couldn't care less
you honestly just summed it up perfectly! Thank you for that :]
i don't think she really is.. everyone hates her, but no one comes out and says it to her. her "friends" just accept her in there group. But here's me, loving every aspect of her, only to be let down..

*Couldn't care less.

(Sorry for being an ass, I couldn't stop myself.)  :)
Then you be there for her as a friend. At least, that's what I do.
i always will.
That's all you need to do.

Drink some whiskey, watch Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I, Masturbate, and tomorrow is a new day brother. Hang in there.
Oh hell naw. This may seem like the worst time of your life, but you will make it through! Gym up and friend up! Be sure you don't look at old pictures and stuff of her. Out of sight, out of mind. Now take time for you. You will come out stronger and better in the end, buuuut you have to just keep moving.
Yep...been there. Still kinda there. My boyfriend of 2 1/2 years and I finally broke up for good after some on-again off-again crap...which really just made it harder. I thought it was making it easier because I was taking it step by step, but it made it worse in a lot of ways. Partially because when we got back together, I let myself fall back in love and I didn't realize that he was already in the process of moving on. So now he doesn't really care about me much and I still feel like he's the most important person in my life. Makes it difficult.
I'm sorry but this, too, shall pass.  Keep your chin up buddy.
Why'd you guys break up?
Eat some mushrooms and go somewhere you enjoy being
I don't know what men do, but women eat chocolate. See if that works for you.
I'm sorry for your loss. :(

(PS Is that Castiel [Misha Collins] from Supernatural?)
*internet hug*
Take it day by day. And move things that have memories away from your sight they will only cause you pain. Find something that can distract you completely when you need to. ( I got a gaming sponsorship from playing too much Dota after a 2 an half year relationship breakup. Great time to get good at something) 

Just keep going took me 3 years and 3rd girlfriend after her now to not be thinking of her every day. But now can say me over her.
yes, it's cas.

I did it. It worked!:)

Had to do something similar, but with a vase of roses full of water. Learned rather quickly how to drive Manuel and steer with my left hand. Anything for the one I love though :)
....Just thought I'd throw this at you, next time you do this, had to do it myself, buy one of those disposable coolers made of foam, or some other cooler, and fill it partially with ice, only as high as the cone or cup or whatever will allow. I went and got the ice at a mcdonalds in cups, they gave it to me, I told them I found ice more refreshing than just water, lol.

Kept it relatively frozen for the half hour drive I did, no AC, South Florida.
Who is driving?
your a hero.

That's absolutely beautiful. My girl used to call me bebe. I hope he/she comes home safely. 
Love is a wonderful thing. Thank you for sharing this.
This is adorable, but it's funny because in my culture, "bebe" is what you call your grandmother.
Thank you! So do I! Here is to 6 months flying by!
It is the grandest! 
So here's my story that I would like to share with all of you:

I met this girl the first week of my freshman year at college. She was a friend of my room mate and she lived on the same floor as my in the dorm. We ended up getting to know each other more and more over the first couple of months of school and by winter time we had gotten extremely close. At the time I met her she was in a relationship with this dude for close to 3 years. He was nearly five years older than her and she would constantly talk to me about how she didn't love him anymore and was looking for a way out of the relationship. I had hung out with the two of them multiple times and though I have nothing against him, I knew that they weren't right for each other. I was also in a relationship with a HUGE bitch. She tried to control every aspect of my life and in general made me completely miserable. She is now my ex girlfriend and have not talked to her since. (But that's another story in and of its own). Anyway, at this point I've known her for about six months and I had fallen so deeply in love with her that she was the only thing I could ever think about. We would spend a lot of alone time together just talking. It was insane how much we shared in common. It was like our minds were one. Our philosophy on life was just so similar. I am a very laid back person and don't stress about much and she was the exact same way. We would always finish each other's sentences. Even when we would sit in silence, I never felt uncomfortable or awkward, we both knew that we were just having our own thoughts. And if one of us had a thought that we wanted to share, we didn't have a problem speaking our minds. This made every conversation we had a meaningful one because we would never just "shoot the shit". Although my feelings for her were so intense, I wouldn't dare reveal my secret to her. Her friendship was too valuable to me to put at risk and also we had decided that me her, and another friend of mine were going to share an apartment next year together, so I figured that my shot with her was at this point at a zero percent. She was everything and more that I was looking for in a girl; great sense of humor, laid back, insanely smart, down to earth, humble, adventerous and not to mention drop dead gorgeous. I distracted myself with other girls for a few months until finally towards the end of the school year she ended things with her boyfriend. Even at this point, I didn't make a move because I didn't want to mess anything up friendship wise/ living arrangements. Summer finally came and I went on a family vacation for the first two weeks of the break. While I was gone, she was the only thing I could think about. I couldn't wait to get back home just so I could see her.

Skip forward 2 weeks. The first night I get home and I hang out with her and a couple mutual friends. She gave me the biggest hug I have ever received the moment I saw her again. She told me multiple times how much she missed me while I was gone. You could't imagine how amazing that felt to hear. The next day we hang out again with the other friend we are going to be sharing an apartment with and find a place to live for the next coming school year in the city. The rest of the day we spent together just the two of us driving around and exploring nearby forest preserves. This day everything just seemed to be clicking. We had the best conversations that day and learned even more about each other. The more I learned about her the more I realized this was the girl that I not only wanted in my life, but NEEDED in my life. I had a mix CD in my car at the time with the song "The Only Living Boy in New York" on it by Simon and Garfunkel. As soon as it came on she exclaimed how it was her favorite song. Mine too but I also said that it has my favorite lyric of all time in it. "I've got nothin' to do today but smile." She freaked out and said that it was her favorite lyric too. I was getting goosebumps at all the things that were happening that day. It was like we were reading each others thoughts. We made it back to her place and watched the movie Garden State. A favorite of hers and mine. We ended up snuggling on the couch and before I knew it I was kissing the her and she was kissing me back. It was the most magical moment of my entire life.


That was three months ago. We've been dating ever since and now live together as well. Since then she told me that she had started to like me around the same time I had started to like her and that I was part of the reason she decided to end it with her now ex-boyfriend. Damn that felt good to hear. 

Not two weeks after we started dating, I told her that I was in love with her. She felt the same. 

This girl makes me feel alive. She makes me feel like life is worth living and every day I get to wake up next to the my favorite person in the world. 

Everyone, Love is real. Don't stop searching because trust me it is real and when you find it, you hold on to it with everything you have. If the person you are dating makes you miserable, I promise you, you don't love them. When you find the person your meant to be with, everyday feels like the happiest day of your life. Don't settle when you can have so much more and don't cut yourself short.

Be patient with the one you love and the universe will let everything fall into place. 

I don't care if people up vote or down vote this. I just needed to share my story. I have found my soul's counterpart and I am truly happy. 

TL;DR: I have found the love of my life and have never been happier.
This was the most emotional read I've had in a while, i wish this could have happened to me :/ I hope you have an amazing time with her, after reading this, i have a new hope that someday I'll meet the girl that I will love too. :)
Are you my boyfriend?? Haha, this is almost exactly our story down to the details and timeline, except for us it was When Harry Met Sally.

I've been trying to write a post that gets to the same point your's so beautifully did. I see so many posts from people trying so hard to force love out of a mismatched relationship... And when you find that best friend, true love... It's suddenly just natural and easy. Happy happiness to the both of you, and thank you for your eloquence!
I love hearing stories about happiness, but one line made me really cringe...

> Since then she told me that she had started to like me around the same time I had started to like her and that I was part of the reason she decided to end it with her now ex-boyfriend.

If you were part of the reason she decided to end it with her ex-boyfriend, the boundaries on how she thinks about other guys doesn't exist.

Keep in mind that for them to have been together so long, she had to have been happy at some point during the relationship, even if they were miserable at the end.

I love life and I love feeling so happy and strongly for another person, but I also know how it's made me vulnerable at times and crushed me as well.

Enjoy yourself, but stay realistic, and don't above all else, don't get careless about the relationship just because you think everything will always be peachy.

**tl;dr: ALL relationships take work. Even the fairy-tale ones.**

Best of luck, and I hope everything stays awesome for you two!
That is a beautiful story, i'm glad things worked out awesome for both of you! Congratulations. :-)
Congrats!!!
Wow. Such a beautiful story. You're very lucky!
God as someone who has never been in love before this seems like something to look out for.

Don't take it for granted.
ride it out, brother. love is beautiful. 

today i woke up to fresh coffee and a snuggle from my lovely boyfriend. we drank our hot drinks while listening to the rain and cuddled. i took a shower and came out to a beautiful breakfast.  what did i do to deserve such an amazing person? we've been dating for 8 months but i fall in love with him more everyday. he makes me want to be a better human.
Oh Dear Odin !
That was warmful to read. You made me smile, thanks.
I wish to you and your girlfriend to be... Hum... I... I'm sorry I think I forget that word... I'm... Happy for you and wish you to have an happy life with her. 

*what was that word already ?*
[deleted]
thanks for the support and I can guarantee you'll find her, just be patient
I will keep in mind your words. The healthiest part of our relationship is our communication though. I feel like I am linked to this girl in a deeper way. I empathize with her which is not something I have been able to do with many people in my life. So I can tell that we have something special. 

Also, we are both very realistic about our relationship and don't try to fantasize it but I really appreciate your advice and thank you for your well wishes :)
I'm sorry you feel that way, life must be very sad for you


the feels.... :'(
Who the f' is cutting onions in my office. 
Wow! What a touching story. A profound tragedy made beautiful and stunning. Art that moves you is the best kind of art there is, and this is such a great piece.

I wanted to share this with my wife, but she tragically lost her mother at an early age and I think it just might be too much for her. I love to share things like this with her, it's part of our romance, but I am so torn here. I will be gentle
My lord that is cute!
My eyes are sweating now. I want to be like Ben when I grow up. Great Story. 

I was adopted from South Korea when I was a baby, so the family resemblance may be faint... but this is my older sister, Lauren, at her dance recital where all the dance students are special needs. Honestly, maybe I'm a little tipsy/high to make me want to post this, but I felt like everyone needs to know how one person can influence another so greatly. She sees the good in everything and everyone to the point where she takes everyday like its her last, living every minute in innocent happiness. In my short 20 years she has taught me more than one person should be able to, showing me how compassion for others and overall kindess can cause one's happiness and that is what matters in life. She has been the grounding force in my life and when I have a bad day where I think the world is crashing down around me, I remember how life is what you make it, no matter what your circumstance is, and that perception is key. If you don't let it get you down, you will be free. 

That's my mom, the blonde making the face (:

Look At all the patatoes 
Thanks for sharing the story and picture. That's beautiful and it is amazing how one person can mean so much to another and be such a great influence. You sound lucky to have her!
I am lucky! She makes life a little easier (:
A text sent from a guy to a girl. (They dated 7 months. Girl has a son who's father left when he was born. Guy decides to take a chance and finds the love of this life. Girl gets scared they are drifting apart so breaks it off. Guy is heart broken but texts her a few months after the break up.)

"Baby... remember when we called each other that? How about the first night we met? You beat me at mini golf. Do you remember our late night texting about being each other's world, revolving around [your son]? How about dinner at outback talking about houses and our future? If you're scared of getting hurt... I promise you, I won't. Relationships have ups and downs, but that's why relationships take work. In the end... you and [your son] are all that matter to me, family. I have every text, every message sent saved, and reading about our passionate love makes me melt inside. The plans with marriage. I'd give anything to make that happen, to be with you and to be a father figure for [your son]. It doesn't matter what others think, my brothers or parents... you matter, [your son] matters. When I hear your voice... I get butterflies, when I see your eyes or smile... my breath is taken away. I can't promise you we will be rich, that we won't have our fights, but what I can promise you is that I will always be dedicated to you, I will always give my best for you, I will always be faithful to you, I will always be honest with you, and I will always love you [ex gf]. I want to create memories with you and [your son], a family. Days at the lake, nights by a fire, snowmen in the winter, zoo visits, park trips, soccer games, family game nights... everything! Most of all... if you are even still reading this... I want to love you with endless passion, I want to share life with you, and make you happy. You are my best friend [ex gf]. Give me another shot... move past the fear of getting hurt because I never intend to let you down. I'll always support you, in your best and worst of times. If you have gotten this far and aren't pissed or angry at me, at least respect me and reply. If it's time you need, then say it. If you're scared, say it. We can take it slow, or dive right in. I'm pouring my heart out to you. This is my letter to you that I never could write. I'm sorry I never got to tell you this."
AHH!! Jesus! The FEELS!!! I think my heart just grew 3 sizes for reading that. Upvote's aplenty 
upvoting for true love
I really hope it works out for those two. A follow up post would be greatly appreciated.
Oh my gosh, my heart is bursting! Thanks for sharing
I think the guy won't let himself move on even though they are broke up. I know the guy talks to other girls but all I ever hear him talk about is this girl and her son. I know for certain he hasn't been on a date since they last went out together.
I will update the story if I get any good or bad news about the three :) They are an adorable couple too. When I hung out with them a few times, it seemed like they were glowing all together. It's hard to describe but the happiness and love they shared was amazing. I hope they end up together. :D Maybe I could get guy's permission to post a picture of them!

How did I go so long without knowing that amazing quote? 
:D

Nothin' more adorable than lesbian kids. 
The link has quotes around "proposed", so I can't tell if this is serious or not.
aaaaaawww! "Cherry, I choose you!"
Awww. You two are so cute! Even more so together!
you need to have the priest (I'm awful with the lingo) have the speech thingy turned in to pokemon terms. you will be pioneers and need to give me credit although I actually stole the concept from someone who did his grad speech in pokemon terms so I get a half credit
Now Kiss, and post pics.

Yep
You are the piece of me that was missing all of my life. There are not many moments in the day when I do not think about you and smile because I am lucky to have found you and floored that you let me take you in to my life, into my being, into my very essence. I barely remember what came before, it is not as important now anyways. You are my tears now, you are my fear now, you are my hope now, you are my joy now. Most of all, you are my reason for being because you gave me back a family. Love is not a strong enough word, feelings are not a strong enough description when I try to describe your presence as you dance across my conscience again and again. May we dance forever. <3
I love you so much David. Last night was amazing. Just cuddling with you was the best feeling in the world and I can't wait to do it again. I don't need to be close to you all the time (I definitely don't want to seem clingy) but I love the times that we are this close. I couldn't imagine my life without you and it wouldn't be as sweet without you in it. Thank you for loving me the way that you do, and giving me this family that I love so much and would die for to save. You and Avian and the new baby are EVERYTHING to me. If I didn't have you I would not be whole, complete. You are the essence of everything that a husband and father should be. Yes I know we fight, sometimes tooth and nail but both of us are still here and both of us are never going anywhere. The honesty and the trust and communication we have isn't perfect but a lot of couples don't have that, and they wither away because they do not have the strong bond and friendship that we do. You are my absolute very best friend and I couldn't ask for more. The passion and the romance and excitement is still there for me. I believe it will always be. Even two years later I still miss you like crazy and become very nervous when we are apart for at least a day. You are the most sexy and handsome, cute, sweet, kind hearted, intelligent, and strongest man I know and I get to call you my husband and father to both of my babies. Do you realize how lucky and privileged I am? I am absolutely crazy about you, there are times that I cannot keep my hands off of you and times where I can't, but I want my hands all over every inch of you. I'm not just crazy about you because I love you more than my heart has the capacity to hold, I'm also in love with you because I trust you. Wholeheartedly %100. We have that communication and complete openness that most couples do not. Do you realize how hard that is to come by? I didn't ever think I would have this life. Oh I dreamt about it as a child but never in a million years did I think that it would or could actually happen. Me! A husband and family that I love and care for more than anything in this universe. I know we all have our faults, you and I included. But honey you are the epitome of what a husband and father should be. I know I go off sometimes and say things that I should never ever say to you and I am so so sorry that I have ever hurt you. I do not deserve you and I know that, and I feel selfish for keeping you all to myself but I wouldn't have it any other way. I know that I cannot keep all of you to myself physically but I really am okay with that (albeit some jealousy, there will always be some) because I know you will always come home to ME and I promise you I will always do the same. I love you my friend, my confidant, my husband. You we are my companion for life. With you I would not be who I am today and I thank you for that. You really did save me and I can't thank you or appreciate you enough. To a long, very very long and happy life together. I am looking forward to growing old with you honey, and I can't wait to see what life has in store for us on this glorious journey together.
that's beautiful :') made me remember when my husband and i first met
Can you please write more love letters?? This was beautiful!
This is the definition of beautiful to me... i am going through a very hard time in my life and i came here to read about something i need but do not have. You have delivered. I can only hope i get to experience what you and your family seem to have. You and your wife are so blessed. Thank you for posting this. I feel a little better now, yet at the same time more love sick than ever. Heres to a long, loving and fulfilling life with each other. *clink*
Can you mutate into a virus and spread to male populace? This world will be a better place. :)
Dude... That just rocked my world a little. Thanks for that 
I always have and always will write my wife love letters. I believe you are asking me if I will post more of my love letters to my wife on to reddit instead of if I will ever write more love letters. The posting on reddit of the love letters I write her is completely up to her, if she does not mind I would be glad to post them. 
* *Edit*:  I enjoy publicly stating my feelings for my wife, it is the reason I posted this and if I post any more of them.
I have thought about writing but I just do not think I am good enough. My spelling is horrible and if it was not for spell check I would appear as retarded as I am. I mainly wanted to make sure this was not as cheesy as I feared it was, I guess people have thought it was well written and I am assuming you are not being sarcastic and enjoyed the way it was expressed. Thank you by the way. 
Do you think he would be a good romance novelist?
He rocks my world everyday.
No. I wasn't being sarcastic on the comment. If all husbands are this romantic, there will be no.unhappy wives. And like I said, the world will be a better place. Unfortunately a lot of men would spend more time on r/GoneWild than doing something worthwhile for their partners. 
It is not cheesy at all. I cannot read it without crying happily everytime. I love you. I've been encouraging you to write since we've known each other. You are amazing at it and the world needs to see your talent :)
You guys are both too sweet. Cheers to your love being endless!!! And yes, more letters please!! And don't forget to share them with us...
Thank you, you are very sweet :)

<3

Amazing! Definitely a keeper 
She is sweeeeet!! Wowza on her efforts!
So sweet! Invest in post it's tape will whomp paint after awhile. 
Love it. My SO is 3 hours away & I did this for him with post-its to remind him of everything I can't always say in person. Best of luck to you guys :)
I've decided I'm going to write a book about how our lives ended up being intertwined in such a way. Think its a good idea? If you do I'll write a chapter and post it.
I think that sounds like a great idea :) now I feel like doing the same.
[Here is my story](http://www.wattpad.com/story/3145861-te-iubesc) :) Chapter 2 is coming out in a few days maybe
*wipes tear from eye* that was awesome :D
Chapter 2 is out now! :)
Fuck yes :D
Doesn't have to be an SO but can be! Tell me about the person/people closest to your heart, tell me what is so awesome about them, what they did to win your attention, their most stupid quirk that you adore, the best memory you share, anything! Feel free to get a little cheesy, no judgement :3
I hope I am posting in the right spot. Excuse some of the tenses  but this story continues to this day. I'd be happy to share more but I just need to get this out. I need people to know that love is a thing and it exists. Hold it together, lonely hearts.

I am in love again. I've been in love with her since I first laid eyes upon her. Together. Apart. A thousand miles away. 

I am 44 now, I moved to a large city from a small town about twenty-three years ago and lived with a roommate. I knew him from high school, but that was about it for friends. Broke as hell, I'd sit in my room and listen to music, draw pictures and shuffle cards. I didn’t even know how to play solitaire, I'd just shuffle over and over again. How’s that for intensely lonely? Strange and solitary times for a few months. Pre-web. I'd hit a few bars but I was such a hick. I still am at heart. Zero game. It got pretty bad and I, normally a positive person, sunk into depression. This is how bad it was: I remember borrowing my roommates car one night to go and get what little groceries I could afford. Some lonely hearts/advice radio show came on and the caller asks the host "Why do guys get your phone number and then never call you?" I started to cry a little and shouted, "I WOULD CALL YOU BACK!" to nobody but myself. That is the level of desperation, just for some context.

	Fast forward about 6 months, I'm sitting at the end of the bar in this local joint where my roommate works. He'd sling me free pints. There was a server there I'd been just crazy about since I'd seen her some time ago. Crazy about her, sure, but we'd never spoken. I'd gaze at her when she wasn't looking. Complete knockout. Just a vision. Such grace this woman, holding her own among the throng of drunken revellers every night. One night, after about 3 months of silently being in love with this unbelievably beautiful beast, I get too sloppy to look away in time. She turns to look at me, stone faced. She holds my gaze (a beat) then a huge smile breaks across her face like a crack in the clouds of a stormy sky. In this madhouse bar with animals shouting and hooting and hollering, glasses smashing, people shouting drink orders, this fucking light shines at me through it all. Just amazing. I smile back ‘cause thats what my brain tells me to do, but in my head a jet engine roars. Amid the din within and without, my tiny internal voice squeaks WHATDOIDOWHATDOIDOWHATDOIDO? We stay locked and smiling for about ten seconds, which, for me was an eternity. Just forever. Hot rush as my balls shifted on their own in my pants, I don’t go full hard-on, but my dick knows its in the conversation. Electricity shoots up my spine. My head swims and feels like its swelling up and yes I'm drunk, but you know how a baby can't hold its head up? I think I ought to leave before I say something stupid and ruin what I thought was an invitation to engage further. 
I had to get out of there and collect my thoughts. I finish my drink and bolt without her seeing me leave. Tryna be mysterious. 

I tossed and turned that night and barely slept. That smile, those lips. What would it be like to kiss her? What will I say? How will it go? I knew myself the day before and now I don't know who the fuck I even am. Was it nothing? Maybe it was nothing. Maybe we'll get married. Probably nothing. The WAR that went on in my head. Later that day my roommate went to work and said he’d see me if I swung by. I decided I would. I show up about 11:30. Joint is in full swing and there she is as soon as I walk in. Any questions I had about what to do were gone. She walked by and turned to me, and I said “Hey you…” “Hi!”, she replied enthusiastically. I was not wrong. I mean I was wrong but I was wrong about being wrong. I sidle up to the bar and start yapping with other customers, telling jokes, being the kind of guy I wished I could be for years. No nerves, no half-steppin'. I avoided looking at her most of the time so she wouldn’t think I was a stalker. She might think I felt that she ‘owed’ me a conversation just because she smiled at me. Bars are funny places and servers have it tough with assholes. End of the night, place is empty. My roommate is counting cash behind the bar. She strolls in, ready to leave and asks if I’m waiting for him. “Actually I'm waiting for you. Can I walk you home?” I say, having zero knowledge of where this woman lived didn’t enter into it. I’d have walked her to Saturn. She smiled at me and said, “Absolutely.” Turns out her place was only about eight blocks from the bar and we chatted the whole way about where we were from and stuff we liked. Talked about the bar, my roomie, just casual shit. I happened to mention my fear of spiders. She asked if I wanted to come up and I said sure. We sat at the foot of her bed I met her cat. We laughed and yapped like we’d known each other for years. She was whip-smart with an easy laugh. So bright, so beautiful. I could not believe my luck. She began to talk about spiders and I told her to stop because I don’t even like the mention of them. She continued to push it until I kissed her to shut her up and Jesus Christ on a rubber crutch. I’ve never ever seen fireworks behind my eyelids like that. She got the same thing because we stopped kissing, pulled away and looked at each other both thinking “Holy fuck.” 



Like a ton of bricks we fell. Like a house on fire. 2 years go by and we were in heaven. It was the most free either of us had ever been, and since. There was no pretence. No secrets. Nothing we couldn’t share with each other. Fears. Warts. Abuse. Shitty things we’d done in secret. Guilty pleasures. We made everyone around us sick with our googly-eyes and just pure glucose sugary sweet stupid love, unconditional love. 

I remember us laying on her bed one day, not even touching each other just sort of rolling around in our own weird electricity. All our hairs standing on end and goosebumps. So hard to explain. I don’t know if there is anything scientific about it, but I felt like we were connected at a cellular level. She calls it spiritual. Us together was a spiritual experience. 

There was another time we lay on her bed and that advice show came on the radio. She said, “Haha, I called this show once…” “I know…” I said. I immediately got goosebumps and the words spilled out without me even thinking. I was pointing at her now. “You called and asked why guys don’t call you back after you give them your number.” She stared at me, almost tearful and almost fearful. Quietly but incredulously, she spoke. “How did you know that?” Tears were welling up in both of us and I said, just as quietly, “Because I heard you, I heard you and I shouted out loud that I’d call you back.”




To be continued








Man whoa, that ending though. I did not see that coming. 
Thank you for sharing this. I needed to hear some positive stories, and this one somehow resonates deeply.

From one internet stranger to another, I wish you the best.
Damn I feel like i can feel the intensity of your emotions through the screen of my phone, that is true passion.

you just need to modify the song... if i could walk 500 miles... add 300 :)
Best of luck to you both! The Love of my Life and I only live about 50 miles apart, I can't imagine multiplying that by 16!
Too sweet!
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. ;)
Here's to sending you two positive energy for your ldr! I know that feel all too well.
Best of luck to you. It is so hard to have a long distance relationship, but so very worth it. I've been dating an amazing man for a year this week, but the last six months we have been 759.5 miles apart. Its hard, but when you see each other for the first time in a month or so, there is no better feeling in the world. :) you can do it. 

You two are hothothot! You can do this! 
Nawwwww!! Thank u! It's hard but totally worth it :)


So glad you had a great day.  May each year be even better than the last.

Thanks for sharing with us.
Hope your fun never ends. (:
Right on! Live love and be well bros!
A bow tie tattoo? nice!

wow, breath taking statue. 

thank you for this!
This is greaaat! I'm gonna look it through with my boyfriend and say 'I love you' in áll those ways. Would be cool if we could do them all!
These are cute. Some of them are not things I agree with, but I think the idea of expressing love daily and in small ways consistently is so important.

Bawww :3

Aww you guys match! Such a sweet couple!
Great looking couple!
That pink is unfortunate. 
Congratulations. This post made me unsubscribe /r/love. 
Thank you! :)
How come?


We have been together for many years,she is like my wife since we even live together. A couple of months ago I had a fatal car accident for I was briefly in a coma and later on was unable to fully walk correctly. Since I am a soccer player this frustrated me and I eventually stopped eating well,stopped doing the things I normally did and I stopped taking care of myself,period. I didn't want to live due to the pain constantly hitting my body. I also stopped caring about her. 

She remained there consistent. Even if our love life was over,she was there,constantly cheering me on. I didn't care.

One night she got up and forced me to walk in the middle of the night while I was screaming at her because I thought I couldn't do it. She kept on pushing me. Instead of giving up like I did, she would wake me up every morning to exercise my legs. She missed work to take care of me. She constantly reminded me what a great athlete I am. She would take me to the field and play soccer with me,even if I couldn't walk and she didn't know how to play soccer.

She step by step gave me my life back. As I am writing this she is besides me sleeping and I am grateful I get to wake up next to such a wonderful human being,my love...my life. Instead of giving up and leaving me,she stayed and saved my life. And I am thankful,always will be. I will always love her.

Behind every successful man,there is a great woman.
My parents and my friends have always tried to convince me of the the idea about soul-mates, and while I don't necessarily believe in finding one, I can definitely tell you've found yours.

If everything they've told me about a soul-mate is true, then you two can accomplish almost anything in life, simply from being together...
This is so wonderful to read  
Awww... :'D
nice story, kinda gives me hope. Thanks for sharing

AWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
This is amazing, I am crying.

Congratulations on pushing yourself to get yourself back, and so much respect for her for being as strong as she is to get you to want to be you again.  She's awesome and so are you for recognizing everything she does :) 

This made me inspired. Very nicely done OP.
congrats my friend, I wish you both all the best!

[Obligatory.](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120511051125/creepypasta/images/9/9a/Fap-now-kiss-l.png)
I have never been so in love either baby <3 forever and ever <3 
Forever and always, my handsome prince charming. <3
PUPPY RUVE? 
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=puppy+love
Typical Clark making silly typos ^.^ <3 I love you with all my heart too, sausage fingers. ;) hehe. <3 but really, I love you with all my heart and soul, and thank you for being the most incredible boyfriend I could ever even begin to imagine. I love you. Forever and ever, handsome. <3
You're so perfect for me too, honey. It's crazy how perfect we are together. And you're right. No matter what happens, we're always going to make it because that's what people in love do--especially us.. Because we fix it. <3 forever and ever, my sweetheart. <3 thank u for being so incredible, honey. <3
[deleted]
Forever baby &lt;3 god I love you with all my heart and soul and always will!!! Thank you for being the best girl friend ever &lt;3
Baby<3 I love you so much and you are so perfect for me. I have never been this in love before and no matter what and no matter what we go through we will make it <3 cause I long as I go through it with you, I'm gonna be so happy. Forever baby <3 I love you 
I doubt that, you guys most likely been together a couple months.  Bet you've broken up by now
Haha.. Wart.. That's not very romantic! :-)

Beautiful. This just made my day!

"Waiting for someone"

Yeah, that's never gonna happen if all you do is wait.
Spoken like a true victim. Love is *not* a horrible anything, if you think it is then you are obviously psychologically damaged or just retarded. The only way love could be a bad thing is if you love to go out with complete arse-cunts because you suck at life.

This is so sweet! So clearly put a lot of creativity and effort into this, I hope your Valentine's Day was great. 
It was awesome!

> You were far from subtle, but I was so clueless. 

>I was so happy, but I really couldn't believe that it was true, that you like me

So fucked, reminds me of myself. There was girl I knew who did the same. I really admire her, and I like her a lot. I trusted her a whole lot too. But I didn't trust her enough to believe her when she showed interest in me.

I guess I should say, that I also did not trust myself--that I would be someone worthwhile. And that, my friends, is how you alienate people and become alone. Not just in a "romantic" sense. Trust is important in every relationship.
This made my cry... I really like your writing, as well as the messy artisticness of the note itself. Please tell this girl how you feel. Who knows what could happen next
This post is old but it has me fighting back tears; after spending Friday and Saturday night with mine who got away and talking about why we aren't...this strikes. 

That is so sweet! I brought my boyfriend a promise ring that days, "My heart is yours." Inside it and he loves it. Said it was the perfect gift. He wears it all the time! even in bed! Only time he doesn't wear it is when he showers. 
[deleted]
I got in on evesaddiction.com. It was about $60. 

Nope, loving someone is love thats why its called love
*unable ftfy
Except hating someone for doing something despicable is tough love in a sense

You can love someone but not condone their actions
That is absolutely true.
https://communewriters.blogspot.co.ke/2017/01/adoring-yourself-by-MAwwal.AbdulRasheed.html?m=0

on the Seward highway between anchorage and Girdwood?
You guys belong on a goddamn hallmark card! Very beautiful couple.
Your soulmate is way cuter than your boyfriend.  Too bad you couldn't be in the picture with them.
[deleted]
Hmm? I was referring to him as both! 
Yes, that's where we took this picture. (:
[deleted]
i am telepathic!  or I just live in anchorage and have a cabin in Girdwood. not sure which one...
Absolutely. It was wonderful, and I would love to go back someday.
I loved our trip to Alaska. My brother is in the Army and is stationed there, so we went with my family for Christmas. Everything was so beautiful, and it wasn't quite as cold as I had thought!
I've lived in Alaska my entire life and have driven that highway from Anchorage to Seward like a thousand times. It still blows me away. 
if you can you guys should come visit some time in the summer, there is a lot more to do that time of year and its even more beautiful with the 20 hours of daylight.  
I can understand why! It's so beautiful.
I don't remember what it feels like for someone to be in love with me. I try really hard to remember but it's too blurry in my head.
the feeling of loving someone else is much stronger than the feeling of being loved by another person. poets have spilled oceans of ink trying to put it into words; it's probably impossible to describe it right 
When you are loved, you feel safe, secure and like you have the support backing you up to accomplish anything in this world. When you love someone else, it is endless racing thoughts of them in your mind, sleepless nights, constantly replaying the moments you spent together, their face, their eyes, fantasizing about how being close to them feels or would feel, the feeling that you do not need sleep or to eat as this "high" is all you need. You want this person to be the best they can be, have everything they need and to do everything their heart desires. You want to run away with them and leave it all behind. You want only the best for them...even if it is not with you.
Last night my boyfriend was talking on the phone with his cousin about love. This is how he described it and it was completely accurate and perfect:

When you're with the person, everything is magical no matter where you are or what you're doing. 
It feels like every time you see this person you're truly happy that they're just there. It's something that doesn't always need to be expressed but is always there. You can get used to the feeling by being around them too much but after you've been apart for a while the feeling is still there the next time you see them.

Their success is your success. You spoil them when they fail to keep their mood up. You don't do anything to change a thing about you because they're perfect the way they are.

The worst part of all of it is that it will hit you when you least expect it.
you know when you're in your bed and you don't have to go anywhere or do anything and you are so comfortable and snuggled up that you become happy? That is what love feels like. No lie. 
I dont feel able to love others lately, even though i really want to.

I believe its different for everyone, to some extent.

For me, love is feeling a strong bond to someone, wishing them nothing but happiness, taking care and listening to them. Its not just spending time with that person, its not just liking them enough for things to get physical. Love is when you feel like yourself with that person, love is the person that means home.
Honestly?  I'm a firm believer that real love starts with learning to love Self.  http://risingphoenixcoaching.com/2016/08/self-love/
love is being able to share yourself with someone in a way that no one else besides you and this person will know. 

I think Dr. Seuss says it best, "We are all a little weird and life is a little weird and when we find someone who's weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutual weirdness and call it love."

I can't say that I truly understood this until I met my best friend
If you can't remember how love feels than maybe you haven't been in love 
Magical, raw, sublime, undeniable.
In my experience, initially it's the butterflies... I'd be anxious to see him walk into the room, I'd get weak and nervous, clammy.

we've been together over four years and the anxiousness has evolved into excitement to see him walk through the door after work, going to the grocery store is fun with him, we have our own jokes, games and stories between each other.

Love is looking forward to things together, just feeling like your with your best friend. Your comfortable with them and you feel like anywhere you go and whatever comes at you, you can face it together.
My first time trying lsd the feeling I had felt so similar to the times I was with my ex (completely sober) and i'd tickle her and she'd try to get away, it took me a while to realize where i'd felt it before and when I did I almost burst in tears because I thought "wow I must've really loved her" It was a really awesome feeling btw I hope everyone at least once in their lifetime finds out how it feels (im saying go love someone not go do acid)
F
To me feeling love for others is the most painful feeling I have. I never fight others and try hard to spread love to everybody in a polite and normal way. Yet some people will make a fool of me. They might talk behind my back. But seriously I don't regret it. I insist hoping they will realise how it feels to be loved and to love. 
Its the soothing softness of an infant's cheek, the fine imprint of a blessing one gets acquainted to in their lifetime. A feeling that's intoxicating as a drug and paradisiac as heaven.
Love feels like you're literally floating in the air. I know people use that phrase to describe it but the two times I experienced it, it would sometimes just hit me out of nowhere. Especially when I was the one awake, I would look at my SO and think "wow, I really love this person". I felt like my body was on a high just floating from place to place. It's a great feeling, love takes time to find, but try to hang on that feeling that you have!
You stop caring about your own happiness, there's  is all that matters.
It can be the most exciting thing you can experience. A world full of colours. A dream come true. The feeling of comfort, happiness, understanding, appreciated, trusted etc
But love can become the opposite. 
So just be warned.... it can take more from you then you will ever be able to gain back 
Having butterflies in your tummy and then heart aches.
Like any narcotic you can think of...when in it or on it everything feels amazing, the sun shines brighter, the birds chirp on beat, and you believe that you are impermeable to pain. However, when the high ends, when the love fades, when you are sober..everything seems darker, each minute feels like 20, you cry, you sweat, you feel like death is hanging over you head. 

Still, the detox is worth it cause that feeling that you get to feel when you're in love, is something that no one but yourself can take away from you.
"poets have spilled oceans of ink trying to put it into words" ... I love that. 
Ouch. I felt that last bit.
Eww...
Same. Legit felt a major twinge of sadness. Am currently in love I think.

Ahhhh! I'm so happy for you both!
That country song 'and she said yesss!' I don't know offhand who performs it, but it instantly started playing in my head when I saw this. Its adorable :) 

Edit: brad paisley. 
Congrats bro!
Thanks Alice!!!!!!!!!

Sorry op
You totally hit me in the feels, I know that love so hard...for 17 years without him this June 10th. 

Stay strong and keep multiplying that love to share with others. Never stop telling the stories, sharing the laughs with others, as that is how the spirit lives on. 

Nobodys crabby on friday(:
Honestly, the very bottom of the page is what did it for me. Take your medications. xD
of even the most knowledgeable scientist.




______________________________________
yeah, i fuckin' love that part
I really appreciated this. I used your quote from when you were 14 years old in a paper i'm writing and I thought i appropriate. Helped a lot, so again thank you.
>empties heart
>still only gets a 3
Thanks for making my day :) this is really sweet...
Nobody is always crabby
Holy crap.
That is just the cutest thing xD
all i can see are spelling errors...XD
that's awesome! Glad my 14 year old self was good for *something*, and I hope you got a good grade too. 

you can make sheets of emerald?

Congrats to neither being a serial killer.
[deleted]
Upvote for understanding. :D My bf and I met in a Left4Dead game. Best miracle of my life. :)
You guys are precious! :)
Thanks, I'm trying to get some upvotes and if i would manage to get it i will show this to her.
Yet...
I love Jason Mraz, and particulary that song means a lot for me and my girlfriend therefore i just HAD to put them in!
It's crazy how the internet can bring two persons together! 

EDIT: me and my girlfriend met over a website called tinychat, and 2 weeks after we started talking we met in real life for the first time.

and I had NEVER EVER been so nervous about a girl.
and kind of funny that you mention Left4Dead! My GF loves Left4Dead2 :D
Upvote obtained.
The conversation came to a slow stop. You know, not one of those awkward silences. Just a natural pause in a conversation. Maybe only lasting a few seconds. I stared for those few seconds, just pondering everything that crossed my senses. Light wavy streaks of blue clouds that faded to a dirty blonde. The waves traveling in whatever direction they were told, they didn't mind going with the flow. The sun rays bouncing delicately along the ripples of the water as they peaked over the sand dunes. The birds flying low to the water, with no fear of making a mistake and falling in. The sound of the peaceful waves violently plunging themselves into the rocks. The texture of the grainy sand that lied on the rocks we sat upon. The rush that shot through me when my hand caressed hers. The smell of the salty ocean mixed with her perfume. The feeling I had in my gut. It was a colorful meadow. A meadow full of flowers and gorgeous butterflies fluttering in the wind. I would be happy to be in this meadow. Possibly forever. This meadow took away every fear and worry I had, It was the cure to my disea- "its getting dark", she said. Those are the words that snapped me out of the brief seconds of peaceful tranquility, but it was okay. See I say that the words took me out of the moment, but I think this is when it hit me. I wasn't staring at the view. I was staring at her. She is my cure.

Beautiful picture! 

Love is like 404 not found. 

Are you telling me it doesn't exist?
ROFL!!!!! Thank you!!!! I needed a good laugh today
op just pointed out my loneliness...

But... what does this have to do with love?:(
https://imgur.com/o0J0pGW
Hello all! Just a non-friendly reminder that r/love is not an advice subreddit. If you need advice in your love life please try r/relationships or r/relationship_advice

This includes posts regarding missed connections and any other posts seeking help will be removed. We want to promote discussion and interpretation of love and because we have so many subs already for those seeking relationship advice, posts regarding it here will not be allowed.

It appears nobody is reading the submission page.   Or the sidebar.   Or the sticky.


beautiful 
You guys look weird and happy. Hope you have many more years.
That's awesome. 

Go Sox!
Absolutely awesome! Congratulations! You look so very happy and still loving one another. Love your first picture, you look beautiful in it!

[deleted]
The two of you are a wonderful couple. Well...I wish you a lovely life 
Thanks. She is. She's been through everything with me.

don't give up, it wasn't a fail, it was a learn from and move on
:-T 
Props to you! That takes guts my friend. 
Even though it didn't pan out the way you wanted it to, I thought this was very well done! I would have been very flattered.
It must be difficult dealing with those cast-iron balls of yours. 
Had I done this face to face, I dont even know if I could have done it so smooth. In a way Im' glad I was able to write...doing it another way woudl be even harder
Exactly! At least you tried and went for it, instead of being a wuss and not doing anything and regretting it later. I'm sure I don't need to tell you there are plenty of other chicks out there, that was a really sweet way of asking someone out btw. Keep your chin up.
F̍͋̉ͦ̒͏̩̤̰̲̯o͓̤̯͎̺̼̎͐ͮ̿͠͝r̜̥͉̜̊ ̡̨̧͚̣̭͕̠͓͕̞̇̓̈́͂F̍͋̉ͦ̒͏̩̤̰̲̯o͓̤̯͎̺̼̎͐ͮ̿͠͝r̜̥͉̜̊ ̡̨̧͚̣̭͕̠͓͕̞̇̓̈́͂h̙ͥͩͤ́͞e̷̛̹̯̖̠͍͔̊͑̈́͂ͤ̏̎̀
h̙ͥͩͤ́͞e̷̛̹̯̖̠͍͔̊͑̈́͂ͤ̏̎̀

LOVED

y̷̴̢̰̭̗͕̘̥̞̯͍̳̦͡ͅo̸̧̮̪̙̕͟u̴̧̳͈̦̫͉͢͡͝

s̿ͫͫ̓o͑ͪ̔ͨ ̌̑̀m̏̎uͭͬͣ̊̾͜c̸̉̇̑̉ͥh̆̿ ͑̄ͥ̾ͨ́ͧh҉ẻ͐͋͐̚̚̕ ̏̊ͫ̒͌w͛ͪ̉͊̐i̵͒ͧͤ͒̋ͩl̇ͨ͝l͠ ̶͆̍͑ͩ͆t͊͐̄ͣaͫ́̽̇k҉e̓̎̈ ̍̃̉̊ÿ̧́͋͐ő͆͑̇̓uͬ̒ŕ ̎ͨ̄ͪ͛̓͠l̨̑̆͗̃i͏fȩͨͮ̽͑ͭ


Sadly I would get slapped for saying something like that.
This made me look up the song and I love it, shared it with my gf, she loves it too. 
thanks. ;-)
I wouldn't actually say those words. That was more for people on here who might have seen the background and/or recognize the lyrics.
I see. I will still get slapped for saying anything remotely close to that.
Damn, buddy, that sucks.
sorry, but i cant tell you what i need the luck for but if it works out tomorrow and the majority of people here have wished me luck i will post it 
best of luck to you
Good luck
Good luck!

Love one another. You never know what someone else is going through. Spread the love, God knows need it in this beautiful yet ugly world
You're right 
my thoughts go out to you.  I lost a friend to suicide.  roller coaster of emotions.   
Although I am an atheist I think love is everything one needs. We need to show love to everyone to brighten up their day. We need to relieve the suffering.
Thanks man.

Beautiful
Oh, very deep indeed.

Anyone care to share their interpretation of the first image?
When I saw this it really surprised me how similar the tones in it were to my own artwork, it's always fascinating to see what comes out of pain and how it can be so close to someone else's.

In one moment I can look into your eyes and connect with you.  That connection removes everything else from my life and replaces it with hope, compassion, elation, passion, respect, admiration and love.

In one moment all the pain I have physically, emotionally, spiritually dissipates and I'm filled with love from me and from you.  I'm filled so completely in that moment that I can only see you and I and I can only smile and hope that the moment can continue for a bit longer.  I can't even form words.  I cherish every single moment we are granted together.  

My Love until the next moment - I love you and I wish we could embrace endlessly.
I just wish that after that one moment I wouldn't be filled with frustration at the fact that you wont talk to me anymore...

Hey I'm really sorry, but if you've never told her you have feelings for her before, using the word 'love' is quite off-putting. I think you should instead consider including that you simply have strong feelings, or unique feelings etc. eg. "I haven't felt these kinds of feelings before". And I believe the self depreciation doesn't work, it highlights a sense of insecurity that isn't too favourable in a relationship. I like the inclusion of wanting her to be happy, and perhaps focus on this without discounting yourself from it.

Oh, and please, do not use "mi lady"!

I think the concept is lovely, but the execution is a little off-putting. I'd write it again, and perhaps put more effort into your handwriting - although I like the ripped exercise book-type paper, it seems very genuine and honest.
I say send it. You took the effort to write the letter and get a gift. In honor of those magical words: "fuck it. " Send it and don't worry about the aftermath. What ever happens next, at least you tried. 
Oh and if it matters the gift would be a white sapphire, silver bracelet from zales. 
Fuck yeah.
If you are expecting this to change her mind in any way shape or form then no, dont send it. Allow her to move on, and honestly I would really consider returning the bracelet as well, you said in the letter that she should have something that reminds her of you are you are not allowing her to truly move on and find happiness. You are a good guy, you dont need to prove it, as sweet as it is, it will not help either of you in the end. I really hope you think this over and change your mind, if she truly has feelings she will come back to you, without the pressure of a $200+ bracelet. 
Go for it! that's super sweet, I hope she loves it and that things work out :)
If I were to receive this I would treasure it forever and ever that someone felt that way about me at one time in my life. It is a treasure.
Well things didn't go as planned and long story short I got to tell her how I feel in person. Pretty much friendzoned I think? She likes me but not like that I guess. Its whatevs if it wasn't meant to be it wasn't meant to be :/. If things get bad and I come home on my shield, not with it, then at least I know I tried. Thanks for the advice guise I probably wouldn't have had the courage to talk to her at all if you wouldn't have made it seem like no big deal. 
Damn man, it's all good. You tried, you have really good writing ability(I also read your poems) I am bummed it Dident work. But hey, there are plenty more brother, ones who will be really grate for you
I say send it. With the story that you have given about you and her being friends for a long time, and that you think she might have feelings, I'd say go for it. Think about it this way, would you rather send it and find out that she just wants to be friends, or not send it even though she's been waiting for you to make the move all this time, and you just blew your chance. Take the risk dude. You never know what might happen. Also if the "milady" thing is an inside story between you two, you could keep it. That's a lot more tolerable than if you just randomly put it in there.
I'm not the one to ask for advice, but please let us know how it goes whether or not you send it.
Oh sorry I thought I already added background details, but I guess not. I'm joining the army and am becoming a combat engineer, I'm leaving soon and ship out in april. I have known her since 8th grade and have been friends since. Were both 19 but I haven't seen her in like a year until last thanksgiving. We had a great time and it was good to see her again and I just couldn't take my mind of her from there. It was great though we picked up right where we left off since I moved. I always did like her since we became friends and I don't honestly know if she ever knew that or not its 50/50 I guess. She went through a break up not too long ago and I don't want to rush things but like I said I'm leaving soon and would like to let her know while I have the chance. Ugh I'm just so confused as this is the only time I think I've ever really felt for another person. 
The thing is I don't know if she has feelings for me and I'm pretty sure she doesn't know I feel this way toward her as well. 
Sorry it didn't work out, man. Just feel good knowing you tried and it just might not be meant to be. Don't let it get you down and just keep on trying and you'll find the right one. I guarantee it :-) 
Don't you dare call her "Milady" at the end. It's something a 12 year old would do. Also, I would either type the letter or rewrite it until it's totally neat with no errors.
Oh, well that changes things! I would say go for it! But omly if you are entirely sure that you are at least in the ballpark, or rejection is going to be a shit storm. Give us an update if you do! Good luck!
The milady thing is more of a joke of ours, but ok, and I plan on rewriting it. If I send it, it won't be til closer to Christmas. 
I like the milady thingy!


shes the sweetest girl ive met. we click so well and theres not one flaw to her. she was there for me when i broke up with a SO of a year. now when we are together, ill slightly doubt her or worry a bit and she says, 'sweetheart.. I'm NOT sarah.' it makes me smile. just because sarah fucked up my emotions it doesnt mean i gotten worry about the girl putting me back together.

she stands a foot shorter than me (im slightly tall) and when she looks up into my eyes and smiles, i just want to burst out the feeling in my chest and do something.

so today chilling in Manhattan: we're walking and talking. i was hinting that'd id want a relationship. and she said ' any girl would be stupid enough not to realize how adorable and fucking sweet you are.' and i just stopped her and made her look at me. then i kissed her. holy fuck. i grew balls all of a sudden. it was a great feeling. we're kinda dating now. i love it. im in love.

Phenylethylamine, norepinephrine , dopamine, endorphins. Enjoy the rush! You are now addicted. Good luck.
What a great feeling! Congrats!

Everyone should experience these feelings! Enjoy!
:')
I love love!


Aww that is such a cute picture, sorry to hear about your loss 
I am so sorry.  My friend's dog died today, too, and even though she wasn't my dog, I still loved her.  ((hugs))

Great advice, but I think the true cure is time.
Reminds me of [this](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A11446-2005Feb9.html). Very sad.
I have recently gone through a hard breakup, and I'm having trouble dealing with it and moving on. Thanks for the advice!
What a bunch of BS.  tl;dr.

Falling "in love" is a chemical rush.  It's a drug.  You feel "high" and express many of the signs of mania.  When you break up, you experience withdrawal.  You want to be around the person, some people even resort to stalking to get that necessary fix.

I never understood stalking until I felt that extreme withdrawal (no, I didn't stalk anybody, but I can understand the desperate urge to do so.)  The only "cure" is to separate yourself and go through withdrawal until you heal.
Found myself completely in love and it terrifies me, but I just want to tell somebody so I decided to tell everybody. He's wonderful. I don't know if he feels the same but honestly it doesn't even matter. I've been through two terribly abusive relationships so I never thought I could feel like this again. 

I still can't say "I love you" first because my last boyfriend was a real charmer who said "gay" every time I said it. Yes, nothing gayer than a straight woman expressing love to a straight man. So gay. The boyfriend before that was a heroin addict who said he loved me only to manipulate me and was incredibly physically abusive, so I'm a little traumatized by that... but I never thought I'd find someone who cared enough to ask me how my day was. Or get to know me. Or want to help me when I'm sad. Or to ask me what's wrong and actually care. I never thought I'd be able to feel what it's like to love someone so much. I want to take care of him and protect him and make sure he's okay. And even if he doesn't feel the same, it's enough for me to know that there are still good people in the world, and there might be some hope for me after all.

That's all. I'm just in love and I want to tell the world. :)
I feel like that for someone--the way you described this man as feeling towards you. And I think the world of her, but she lives a world away back home.
Aww
My wife is my absolute best friend in the world. I'm obsessed with her. She's sexy, she's funny, and she's wonderful to talk to. She's the only woman I've met that let's me grab her tummy without flinching (a huge turn on in my book). I have an insatiable  fetish for going down on her and she usually let's me indulge. I fucking love that woman. It drives me mad.
Winning :)
You lucky guy

...so?
[deleted]
Ummm... I think you might've misinterpreted that. I think he wanted more info.
[deleted]
[deleted]
made my day xD

You and your boyfriend deserve to have a tree's initials carved into you
:( poor tree. Dumb kids.
I think its sweet. :D
You should have used a chainsaw to carve
actually, if they both get a tattoo/scarification of a tree, this is equal and just repayment.
Thank you. That is so sweet. 
Fine, I don't care, as long as both go trough the same pain the tree went trough


This is amazing
As soon as I saw it I knew I had to drop it off here
Greatest love story I ever heared. That's amazing :.D
This is fake
True but I want to believe

I liked that he had [this](http://i.imgur.com/me334.jpg) as a backup in case she had said no.

[Reading her blog was cute.](http://fourfeetnine.com/2011/12/11/the-proposal/)
Oh my god!  That's the cutest thing ever!
So cuuute ;_;
i couldnt not smile
i dunno about anyone else but i cry every time i watch this. i love "love".


Congrats Sir!
Nice work dude. Good luck
Congratulations, you two look like a great couple! Wonderful
Oh well, great!
Thank you!!!

I'm now going to imagine my heart like this. 
Did you draw this? If so, I'd like permission to use this as the logo for my band, if that's alright :)
OP gets it! Amazing artwork :)
Theres less arrow heads then fletchings and they also dont even line up from the side it went in, to the side it would come out. 
Yeah, I did and sure, that'd be fine :)
Thank you :)
Thanks for telling me, this was honestly just a quick doodle I did during class so I wasn't really paying as much attention to the details as I guess I should have. 
Also, with the lining up, they werent really supposed to, I meant for most of them to be different individual arrow things
Woo, awesome! Now to vectorise it...

Dude, how many NOFX t-shirts can one man own?
Well it's been a year and a day, and you guys make a cute couple. Congrats on your anniversary :)
...... Kevin BACON???? 

You literally look like a younger Kevin Bacon. It's mind-fucking me right now.

Also, congrats. Sorry. Was too mind-fucked to be polite.
[deleted]
Dude. This is true love.
Hey mate, you have red on your shirt 
Just wanted to let you know that loved the movie apollo 13, Kevin Bacon. 
Hate to break it to you, but it's not 11/05/2012 yet.
Oh god.
That's why I gave the date?  Think she's gonna break it off with me in the next 3 days?
You'd be surprised...

It's kinda emo-ish, but very true
I never thought of it like this. Brings back memories.
Well, that is sobering.
Sweet Emo Jesus.  Relationships end.  Grow a set.
Yup.  I'm in a stable happy relationship, and it still brought Back a shitload of memories. 
I just wanted to shout to the world via Reddit that I asked my girlfriend to marry me and she said yes.
I've known since the day I met her that she would one day be my wife. Getting the ring took longer than I wanted, and this morning it finally came. In all honesty she'd been expecting me to propose, but not today since I worked all night. But I got off work early and got ready and picked her up. I never really wanted to do something huge and profound to propose, and I knew that's not really what she'd want either, so here's what I did:

We went to a little park in my town, where I first told her I love her. She pretty much already knew what was up. We sat down on a bench and I told her I had a present. Instead of giving her the ring, I gave her a little book called *Consider Love*, by Sandra Boynton. Really cute book. Then I said I had another present, and I gave her a mix CD I made earlier. On it was written "Will you marry me?" and as she looked at it I got down on my knee and pulled out the ring. I asked her if she wanted another present, she smiled and said yes, and I popped the question. 

After looking at this sub-reddit and being saddened by the amount of unrequited-love stories and break-up stories, I figured a happy tale of success might warm some reddit hearts.
TL;DR - tonight I asked my girlfriend to marry me, she said yes, and I'm so happy I had to post it.
Congratulations!  May you have a happy life together. :)
Thank you for sharing.  That was a very sweet story.  Wishing you both the very best. 
Very cool! Congratulations, sir!

thats some gay shit

More importantly - do you think she'll say 'Yes'?

Ring or no ring - that is the question.
Well... What did she say?

That is such a beautiful ring. Congratulations on your happy future together!
She said "Yes" :)  I couldnt be happier...thanks everyone :)
Its beautiful!  I think so.
Fuck even I would with a rock like that! Good luck!!
Yes, I do think she'll say yes.  Just a lil nervous I guess lol.
She said yes :)
Thank you :)
Thank you :) I hope so!
Thank you :)
Welcome to the commonality of all soon to be married men!

Congrats and rock on.
Awesome! Congrats to you both! :) 
Thanks mate
Thank you :) I really appreciate that

but we foget it..!!



Beautiful.

This made my night. Thank you!
no problem. im glad i improved your day

I kind of think this is bullshit. No... I definitely think this is bullshit. It depends on the people in the relationship. I'm female and a lot of the time, I have compromised myself in relationships. If you are honest throughout the beginning (and later on) of the relationship, honesty shouldn't be as much of a problem as the person should know you better and wouldn't be that shocked by "honesty" unless you're doing something completely out of character.

Part of romance, as you get older & more mature, is learning about where you draw the line with compromise (there will always be some level of compromise) and what kind of person you want to date. If they can't accept things about you (barring extraordinary circumstances), and you feel you have to compromise a key part of yourself, you probably shouldn't be dating.
It's definitely all give & take. It also depends on the people in the relationship. It should be a two-way street, not a highway & a bike path. So I can't say I agree with this.
I certainly agree. Honesty is not always the best policy. My current long term girlfriend has learned that because I am completely honest and open about everything. She has, in fact, told me to lie to her about certain things.
It depends on every situation. Counterexample: women in countries where women are sadly often oppressed (India). My mother is one. She compromised so, so so so so so so much. Could never do what she did. She is the strongest and most beautiful woman I know. Anyway, it can go both ways, and certainly men can be mistreated. Peace<3
How about we frame this differently:  "Sweeping generalizations like this are hasty, most likely untrue, and can be interpreted as hurtful.  Everyone is unique and constantly growing.  There is always going to be both give and take; while sometimes it can feel like we are giving more than getting, relationships are very subjective.  If you feel like you are constantly missing something from your relationships, it might be helpful to take a break to work on yourself."  :-)
>wouldn't be that shocked by "honesty" unless you're doing something completely out of character

This is the thing. When is this 'out of character' when maybe it is the core of their character that they may have been suppressing for you. I'm not saying this is an absolute thing, which is why I put 'sometimes' in the title.

Women have compromised a lot in the past and still in the present. Relationships are built on compromise. I just started to notice a shift of power/attention. I know many couples where the men change to impress and appease their partner. Dressing better, learning to dance, being more social, things like that, but I know of many less women who pick up videogames, read about technology, or learn about geeky things.

The roles used to be different. Men court women and make them their wives. But now that women are supposed to have equal opportunity, I don't see the romantic side equalling out just yet. Many women still wait for men to make the move, still expect big weddings, romantic dates, and chivalry. Again, not all women are like that. Many here on Reddit do awesome things for their boyfriends. Just, in general, some parts of romance is still overly feminine, and that forces men to hide their real opinions.
It's all a matter of perspective though. Maybe one person likes riding a bike. Maybe they want to trade a bike for a highway sometimes. But once one partner has been on the highway would they still want to trade for a bike?
Right? Some things people just don't want to know about because it damages their expectations from the relationship. Ideally they would learn to work with it, but it's not always that easy.
This is just too much of a generalization for me. I don't think your gender factors into this. Maybe for SOME people, but -- in my opinion -- it goes both ways. It depends on the personality types of both people.
[deleted]
Are we building a major roadway?



Scavenger hunt with all of the items listed, as well as a note. And a super cute final clue to the ring. Act all distracted while she does it and she's running around the house, play a video game or read a book, refuse to help her, be generally grouchy, and when shes on the last clue suddenly get on one knee for when she comes back to the room.
You should this on f7u12 to get more publicity.
Your girlfriend sounds amazing and deserves the best proposal ever!

incase the ring in bricks/cement
then dress up as mario and repeatally punch it* untill it breaks open and then show her the ring
*when she's watching of course
Please tell me her name isn't Vittoria Vici
Doesn't have to be anything elaborate. Go on a romantic date or walk. Bonus points if it's the place you first met, or where you went on your first date. At some point, when you're alone, get down on one knee and propose.

There is one catch, however:  When you open the ring's box, it must play [this tune.](http://noproblo.dayjo.org/ZeldaSounds/LTTP/LTTP_Secret.wav)
In my opinion,when she needed a help make sure to hug her as a reward....
Since she is a gamer much like men and have quite the behavior,try ask her for something that she want to do with you (except sex).
Try something new.For example bungee jumping,when you starting to jump alone or together,confess to her(only work if you being nice to her for a period of time)...
So basically,make sure to make her happy as you are happy with her...
and good luck to you my friend,make sure make a post about the result soon...  ^^
I'm thinking you could go with a zelda themed proposal just find one of [these](http://img0.etsystatic.com/il_570xN.300298112.jpg) jewelery boxes and have something to play the little audio clip from Ocarina of Time when Link [opens a chest](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VRr9NG7RE0) have a little picture of yourself and "Its dangerous to go along take me" Then go down on one knee and ask her. 

Of course if you've got the time and money you can totally go to town on the setup and presentation and get everything as themed as possible and over the top. A good jeweler could make you an engagement ring incorporating some design aspects of the Spiritual Stones like a emerald on one piece of the triforce a ruby on the other and three sapphires on the final piece ala [this](http://i.imgur.com/1J1S9.jpg) woeful photoshop of mine :P

You may want to check with someone who would know really knows if something like this would be what she wanted, she may want something far more traditional.

If she feels the same way as you, then all you have to do is be classy and sincere.

Offer her the first line of yeyo of the evening and let her know you're only settling because the meat market is too much work.
Create a ROM Patch for a game she likes and change the script. Make a YuGiOh card, maybe even contact them, they'd probably get in on it with you.

Or 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8SdYz7cq04
maybe you could just ask her in a normal adult way, rather than acting like an immature douche.
Our first date she wanted pizza and to play orcarina of time on the n64 
maybe you should quit acting like an immature douche on the internet.
[removed]
Calm the fuck down. 
fuck you and your whore mother
No thanks 
Jesus fucking Christ, all we want as Redditors, ALL WE WANT, is some god damn civility. Can civility really be that difficult? No, I know it isn't. You don't have to be everyone's best friend, but please, try your very best not to be an asshole, because, after all, we ARE a community. 
[removed]
fuck you.  reddit is NOT a community.  it is a loose collection of assholes like you trying to fit in somewhere.

again, fuck you.

by the way, your mother is a whore.
I don't see my father, this is completely irrelevant. You need to chill. 
fuck you and your faggot family.
You should go to 4chan. 

Awesome! Hope they liked it!! :)
Got me off the hook :)
I don't care that I'm young and I have so many years ahead of me. 

I'm tired of getting to know someone, catching feelings, and then finding out he isn't even ready for anything. 

I want someone to listen to music with me while we lay in bed. I want to fall asleep in someone's arms. I want to go on dates. Expensive dates...cheap dates...I don't care. A date could even be popcorn at home in bed watching our favorite movies. I want to go out and spend time with you. I want to get dressed and look pretty for someone. I want to kiss someone passionately. Where you can feel me pour my heart & soul into the kiss. 

I want good morning texts, good bye kisses,

I want to be made love to. I want you to kiss and caress every inch of my body like you want to memorize every beauty mark, curve and dimple in my body. I want you to say it's home when you're inside me. Like you don't belong anywhere else but here. With me.... 

I want to make love for hours. Fall asleep in between and wake up to you kissing my face. I want intimacy.

I want someone to look at me like they've been blessed to have me in their life. I want to be loved. 

I want someone to talk my ear off when we're on the phone. I want to hear your thoughts on everything. I want you to vent to me. To trust me. To feel comfortable around me. To tell me about your dreams. I want you to be my friend too. With a friendship our connection could be even stronger. 

I want someone to grow with. Someone to motivate me and I can motivate them. I want to be their at the bottom to say "I knew you'd make it to the top" when you do.  


I WANT TO INTRODUCE SOMEONE TO MY MOM. Someone I'm proud to call mine. I want to meet your family and your best friends. 

Like that's all I want. I guess it's a lot but I don't feel that way. I feel if You're Inlove all of this will fall into place. But I don't want to date different people. I want a relationship with ONE person for years. 

I just want something meaningful 
A person who won't waste my time
A person whose going to be 100% honest
A person who wants the same thing I want


I can pretty much assure you its possible. Because i happen to have what you have. But you are going to have relationships that arent that 'fairytail' you are after, but its part of it. Just go out and explore (like love and dont be sad if it goes wrong because its a chance to mature). 
I really hope you find that someone.
Honestly, that's exactly what I want too.
Aw this made me smile. I hope you find that someone!

I hope I do too!!
**Intro: I have being thinking about this in my mind for a while but it was until yesterday that I put it down in words as an answer to another redditor's question on another reddit.  After some more tough I decided to write it again as a post here.**


Imagine how wonderful would be if when you see a person, you can see a number above their head. This number is the percentage of compatibility with that person to achieve and maintain a stable relationship. Let's say is a percentage from 0 to 100 and is a mutual number. When you see a 83.2% on a person, that person sees a 83.2% on your head. In this way it would be so effing easy to start a relationship! 

The online dating sites try to calculate something like this number with algorithms but there are so many variables that are far from accurate.  In the real life we are blindly trying out to figure the numbers by trial and error.  We may have seated besides a 99% on the bus and will never know it.  

But lets go back to imagine a world where you can see this number.

You go on your daily life walking on the street surrounded by a lot of people under 20% and then you see an 89% above someone, and he/she sees you, you both look into each other eyes, smile, break the ice and then go for a coffee and find that you are really so compatible!

But then you go to see a movie, you both like the movie and at the end of the it when you come out of the cinema you see an 90% now. What happened? Everybody is constantly learning and growing, no matter the age. Each new experience, book, movie, people you met, every bit of information you receive becomes part of you and you are constantly changing in small ways.

You both start your relationship at 90% but then you both get a dog and the way you both react to the dog and what the dog becomes in your life make the number go up to 95%.

She (lets keep it as a she for simplicity) reads a book very important for you, but she doesn't like it. It doesn't have the same meaning for her. It relates to something you experienced in your childhood that she didn't . As she goes on reading the book, the number goes down gradually to 94.5%. Is it something bad? is it her fault? nope, maybe is your fault because you give too much importance to this specific book.  

This continues for months, years, the number goes up and down many times and then one day you realize that the number is 65%. You still love her, but the relationship is not so solid as before. You are walking in the street and see another girl with a 78% above her.  In fact you realize that in the last months you have seen at leat 3 people with a higher number than your actual SO. What do you do?  End your years-long relationship and go chase something better? try to work together to increase back the number to at least an 80%?  

I now find funny the concept of soulmate. That there is one person out there who is destined to be your significant other and if you are not paying attention you may miss on the opportunity of meeting the love of your life.

What I learned is that there not one soulmate, this is not a black or white situation. Every person you meet has a percentage of compatibility with you, some may be very high, around 95%, and you may call them soulmates, but the truth is: 1. there is more than one person above 90% out there and 2. nobody keeps the same number forever, people changes.
This would be a great concept for a movie!
This is the best explanation I've ever read on the subject. And I've read a great deal. You rock!
This is an exceptional perspective on love and it quite honestly is exactly how I perceive love to be as well. I used to have a very different perception; I used to think there was only one, but having fallen in and out of love many times, I can confirm that this theory is absolutely grounded in fact. A hypothetical 20% that puts in equal effort to yours can be far more compatible than a 90% who leaves you to carry the load. Numbers are constantly changing because people constantly change. I love this and I think it is wonderful the way your mind works.
Yeah love isn't enough, it takes a lot more than that. The way we look for mates is changing. Not too long ago and still sometimes now it's a financial agreement. I wonder if your idea not literally of course could change the way we look for a partner in life rather than a soulmate?
I really like your point of view. The concept with the number is curiously not even that unreal. Like you said it actually does exist, we just cant see the numbers. Change does and will ever proceed. We can't control the change from our loved ones. We don't know them. We're ignoring the unknown. Thats why I think its extremely important to love yourself! Nobody is as close to you as yourself. Personally I would define "love" as something different here. Love is not a number. You know when you stay with your SO even in times of 10% ... because you do trust in love, that love can change that. 

damn I can't write down everything about this topic would take  me too much time but I appreciate your post, it's a nice notion!
What about that perfect 100% . The one where they grow old together...  
Agreed! I was thinking about it as a movie. It is similar to Timer on Netflix! I would love for this to be a movie though!
You know, I even didn't had tough about oneself.  Your comment made me think what would happen when you see yourself in the mirror, what number would you see and what it would mean. 

Are you self confident and happy, you see a 90% above you.
Are you depressed, feeling pity, low self esteem? you look at your reflection and see a 40%.

I guess there is a very very small chance that there is an 100% out there...  but mostly, there is people that starts at a high number and work together to increase it up until 100% with time and effort.

Love takes time, love takes work.

My high school sweetheart.  Ten years later we're expecting our first.

Ftfy? 
thank you when i read the link i was really confused i think thats what they meant.

Just recreated and sent to my girlfriend. I'll report back.
the U is a penis
is it crazy that my friend drew the same thing today 0.o

Love this haha
That's not a pic, its two pics. :)
Seriously, wonderful idea.
Awwwww... That's so sweet!
Roll Tide!
Thank you :) I thought it was too sweet not to do :)
Thank you :) 

Having endometriosis is not fun I was diagnosed many years ago.. I was told I also may never have children... I was told that if I didn't have my children before or at least try to have my children before 25 then I would have to have a hysterectomy... Well I am happy to report that I have 3 very beautiful very healthy children.. I had 6 confirmed pregnancies with 3 live births.. I am not saying it was easy or heartbreaking at times trying and miscarrying 3 times. I did have a hysterectomy almost a year ago but I am now 32... My kids are 8/6/4 :) I wish you all the best do lots of research and take care of your body.... I have a great amazing hubby that has supported me for almost 18 years :) 
 
I was also dignosed with endo 6 months before my wedding day, and told I couldn't either. Years later I was blessed with 2 kids. Even though we r divorced now, they are the best blessings I could have had. Good luck! There are a lot of options out there
That was a pleasure to read and it's so nice to hear that you've managed to have children! It was never really the pain that worried me the most, it was always the possibility of being infertile so this has really cheered me up! :) I'm sorry to hear that you've also suffered through it but hope that everything is ok for you now :) thank you for such kind words..
Thank you! 

Congrats!! Thanks for sharing :) 

Well, if one end of the spectrum is intense feelings of affection and like, wouldn't the other end logically be intense feelings of dislike and the middle of it be indifference?
That is a quote from Elie Wiesel.
FEAR.

Love is born out of trust, vulnerability, belief in good and good intentions and results, and the like. Fear is born out of the lack of these things.
I was gonna say /r/lovehurts
Still say its hate
Wait, im not sure who you are addressing here.



Transmutation circles
>Humankind cannot gain anything without first giving something in return. In order to gain, something of equal value must be lost. That is Alchemy's First Law of Equivalent Exchange. In those days, we really believed that to be the world's one, and only, truth. But the world isn't perfect, and the law is incomplete. Equivalent Exchange does not encompass everything that goes on here, but I still chose to believe in its principle: that all things do come at a price, that there's an end and a way, that the pain we work through did have a reward, and that anyone who's determined and perseveres will get something of value in return, even if it's not what they're expecting. I don't think of Equivalent Exchange as a law of the world any more. I think of it as a promise between my Brother and I, a promise that someday we'll see each other again. 

Meh. It sucks everytime. Feelings are not always mutual. The first time was atrocious. It was a painful disaster. Then when she came back into my life, it was even worse.

Then the second time, I thought I had it all under control. But no. I was still insane. And it was garbage too. Even more painful than the first.

Nonetheless, for the hopeful and romantic, it is a very good article. I dig it.
It's not important that how many time you have been in love. The importance is what you learned from pain and love. If you go to the strange street, just walking again and again, you will get used with it. Love is the same. 
I know what you mean.

Until your battery dies?
I don't get it.
Old Nokia phones are durable as fuck.

Closer than the average man and wife!
[Agreed](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lL4L4Uv5rf0)
[Runner up](http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lkrrml4zXk1qcsdelo1_500.gif)
The link is broken, so who was it?
My vote for worst show ever.
Shit up 

I miss him so very much, his beautiful smile, his beautiful smile, personality, everything. I am completely thankful God gave me the opportunity to love and be loved by this wonderful creation of His❤
I can count my blessings and say yes I did in fact marry my crush. I first met her when she was 21. We became close friends and I had a terrible crush on her, but life happened and we slowly drifted apart. I never stopped thinking about her. All my friends knew this too, so when she resurfaced on Facebook 10 years later, my best friend immediately told her to find me and look me up. We hung out, I immediately fell right back to where I was before, and professed my love for her. We became bf/gf and a year later I proposed to her. We have been happily married for the last 5 years. 

The best part? I am truly myself around her. I can be as goofy or as much of an idiot as I want.. and it's all the more endearing to her. She is my best friend, my keeper of secrets, my comfort.. my home. 

I am an extremely lucky man.
Congrats man, I hope I marry my best friend as well.
This is so heartwarming!
This is adorable :)

Be...  wary.  I mean..  yeah, that txt sounds good.... if you read it really fast.  Slow it down and it sounds a lot like another human being is pitting the responsibility for their happiness on you. That should always be a yellow flag.  You need to dig into that and find out more information. 
Lovely to see that you found love! 
But I agree with the other commenter, I will try to explain:

We think that your GF loves you ver much, maybe so much that she put the key to her happiness in your pocket, which makes her very vulnerable. You should try to figure out why she does that (if she does) and try to dig into it. Because both of partners in a relation need their own breathing space.

But! We could be wrong, she might is the woman you grow old with, but my advice, to both of u: increase success by lowering expectations and never take it for granted, live and let live. Have fun together 
Bunny in the pot?
You lucky lucky bastard
Hey guys... I forgot to mention this is a long distance relationship. She's not crazy!
this is a red flag dude. She NEEDS you, don't change anything but watch your back. There might be a knife there one day.
I'm not sure I understand...
Oh, you're saying she's clingy? HAHA. We were in the middle of sending sweet texts to each other, back and forth. Usually I'm the clingy one. But, thanks for the insight. :) I'll keep that in mind. Though, I can assure you, she's not a psycho girlfriend.
I don't like the sound of that.
GF **may** be psycho. 
...that's a bit of a stretch. We've been together for almost a year.
I was married 10 years before she finally went off her rocker.  
How'd you make THAT mistake?
I went full retard, and didn't see the signs.  

what is this
this is LOVE


Congratulations, hope you have many more years of happiness!

I think it's very beautiful and progressive of an interspecies relationship to blossom. Congratulations!
This is super cute. :) I'm a fox and my boyfriend is a robot (or sometimes a bear.) I wrote him an adorable childrens story when I moved away last year.


Ahhhhh...to be young again...
If you are lucky enough to find that one person who is always on your mind and always thinks of you and makes you feel happier and better than you ever have in your life then its simple , love them with all your heart , make sure they are your priority and show them that every day as thats what you do for someone who makes you see colours in a whole new way 💜🍓
Unless they don't love you in return. In which case, I suggest dropping them like the atom bomb and running in the other direction whilst screaming. 
Agreed. I should have done this sooner


That makes me want to call up my ex right now and we haven't talked in years...
"I’m beginning to forget everything. I’m scared. The idea that true love can be easily forgotten is terrifying." This part resonates with me. :( 

Good for you, its really hard just saying how you feel about a girl. Hopefully now you can move on as friends.
Something kind of like this happened to me. On behalf of the other side of this tale: thank you for telling us. 
Lol how's your land in the friendzone 
It's one of the hardest things I have ever done, she didn't make me feel like a freak and was so kind about it. I'm glad to have people like that in my life.
That's beautiful man. Observe the qualities that you love about her and don't settle for less in anyone else.
Yup, you begin to realize the importance of the people your bring into your life when things like this come up.

rich in karma
Yep.....you win

File Not found!
That was an awful run on sentence...

last year i was crazy about a guy. we were best friends and there was a long period of time where i thought he loved me. i was madly in love with him. and trust me, i know what love feels like. im a guy too, so this was a big change in my life, having to accept the fact that i could only see myself spending the rest of my life with another guy. so we both went off to college, never having said a word about the things that happened between us. we'd hold hands, he'd give me kisses, call me late at night just to talk, we'd go for long car rides together, just talking about anything, complaining about our families, and most importantly, we told each other everything about ourselves. 


i tried to ignore the feelings that i had for him, but they kept coming up, no matter how far away i pushed them. but last night i came to a few amazing realizations. (amazing, for me).

1. you can never know exactly what someone else feels, unless you're willing to put yourself out there and PRAY that they trust you enough to be honest about the way they feel. 

2. you can never change someone else, no matter how much you want to. even if you think that he's scared, or that he's waiting for the right moment, you cannot force him to come to grips with himself. that is, if there's even something for him to come to grips with. 

and FINALLY 
3. you can't be angry at someone for not loving you the way you love them. people are just people. boys are boys and girls are girls, and no matter what they do to you, there's no excuse for disrespecting someone else. especially if you say you love them. 


TL;DR-
we shouldnt be douchebags, even if the person we love is a douchebag. because that just makes a world of douchebags.


Very nice. The only thing I could add is for the sincere guys out there.

Do not lose yourself in a relationship. Respect and determination to be the better person when issues arise (and they will) will not only keep you level-headed, but it will also keep you always in the right. You'll be able to look at yourself ten years later and know you are worth it. Relationships can come and go, but self assurance and patience are the greatest qualities you can have later in life. 
Its 0155, ive been in bed for hours, scrolling reddit, listening to spotify. 
I turn and look at my fiancé, eric reeds keys slowly playing in my ears; and after 8 years, many fuck ups, i cant help but look at this serene being, sound asleep next to me, and think, "I still believe in you". 

I dont know what the purpose of this post is, but I had to share this moment and tell people how i feel. 

This is love.



This..... It's too much. I love it 


D'AAWWWWW You 2 are sooooo adorable. I can tell that you're going to be old people with each other. I wish you an awesome marriage! I can't wait for my wedding.
It doesn't matter how it matters that. It is good to be lucky and in love. 
Congratulations, and happy cake day too. This pic beats out cute kitties to my eyes.

This... this right here is love. Thanks for sharing!
[Here](http://youtube.com/watch?feature=g-high-lik&amp;v=fdWTh_GH58k) is the non-mobile version of this site.
Well, I just cried a bit in public.

This reminds me of SO's grandparents. His grandmother was in the hospital and his grandfather refused to sit down, move, or leave her side. He just stood there holding her hand (and he is not very healthy or fit himself either). She asked him if she could sit up and he slowly struggled with the hospital bed, turning it into a chair, gently tucking away her IV tubes, covering her with a blanket and tucking her in.  He wouldn't let anybody help in case they hurt her. It was touching, but also heart breaking to watch him worry and struggle to do it all by himself.

I asked my SO later and he said that they all know that if she passes away first he won't survive it. 

This video is very touching.

Let the Robin Williams/hobbit comments begin 
>I joined my grandfather's wedding ring with mine after he died. It reminds me that family is forever, even during the tough times.

Gave me something to think about and the good kind of goosebumps. Thank you for sharing this.

This was so lovely to read because of the happy ending ; I wish the best to your little family . (:
I like your hair. :)
Awww :)
Burning embers bright in the night
I let my wishes take off into flight
Sitting and thinking of memories past 
Smile, and hope this moment will last
The light from our fire reflects in your eyes
I smile at you lovingly as my heart flies
You take me in your arms, and give me a kiss
It's then I realize that I got my wish.
I love you.

Nope. No point. As soon as I saw the still shot I knew there was NO way I could watch even 2 minutes of this clip without blubbering like a baby. Never have I been so moved by an animated movie as I was by this little gem. 

Thanks for reminding me of just what an awesome movie UP is. It has to be one of the all-time greatest love stories ever written. :)
this is soooo unfair, i mean who couldn't cry at this 
I never cried because of a video before, so I thought I'd be fine. Nope.
I knew I'd tear up, I but didn't think I'd cry my eyes out.

"the angel that went home" 

I teared up bro
You have a striking amount of grip on something as complex as love for someone so young. Those notions of sentience and life will take you very far if you hold true to them :)
Wow man.....im touched, u have the knowledge and vocabulary of a harvard man lol. When i was 15 i had a gf that i "loved" but as most children it was just the oxycotene lol. Best wishes man Keep being you
im glad this conversation could reach more than just him :)
Thank you very much! I have always prided myself in being marginally more intelligent than average for my age, however I'm starting to realize that it doesn't take much for a teenager. :S
Well, to be fair, I grew up with two parents with degrees in English and theology. They are also Presbyterian ministers so they use their English degrees a lot meaning that I grew up with a large vocabulary and gave me the opportunity to delve into philosophy and psychology.

And Oxycontin is a highly addictive drug. Oxytocin is a chemical produced by the brain during a relationship. I REALLY hope you weren't in a relationship so you could get an Oxycontin high at fifteen. Jokes aside, if you want to learn more about love and the mind, check out Vsauce on youtube. Specifically [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jf7Uo6nqaIg) but he has many others that are informational as well.
Dear  You,

How have you been?

It’s been a while since we talked last so I’ll try not to talk to fast.

It’s been hard for me not having you around. I keep asking myself why I broke up with you and I can’t come up with a definite answer. Isn’t that funny? I just couldn’t be with you anymore. Something about our relationship didn’t seem right. I can’t tell you what it is because no matter how much I try to pin it down I don’t know what it is, but I know that something between us doesn’t quite work out. There’s this one quote that I found a while ago that sums up how I feel right now.

“He was a major part of your life; of course you’ll miss him; it’s perfectly normal. It’s like getting a tooth pulled out; after the dentist pulls it, you’re relieved. But how many times do you run your tongue over the spot where it once was? Probably a hundred times a day. Just because it was hurting you, doesn’t mean you don’t notice it. It leaves a gap, and sometimes you see yourself missing it terribly. It’s going to take a while, but it always takes some time. Should you have kept the tooth? No, because it was causing you pain. Pulling the tooth was the right decision, but it’s still going to hurt.”

This is how I feel about us. At one point you felt so right in my life. You were a tooth to me. You were part of me that helped me get through my day, chewing my food and what not, but at some point you came loose. When a tooth comes loose there really is only one thing to do. Pull it out. But as the days passed where you were out of my life it felt like a missing tooth. There was gap in my life that you once filled. So I did the only sensible thing and tried to put you back in my life. The problem with that is that, when you try to put a tooth you pulled out back in, it’ll stay for a little, but then fall out again because in the end it’s no longer part of you.  And that’s what I tried to do. Put you back in. That putting the tooth I pulled out back in would put things back to normal, but the truth is it doesn’t. Once you pull a tooth out, it’s no longer part of the body, and it stops growing. 

I miss you so much you have no idea. I wake up day after day and you’re the first thing that comes to mind, and with the thought of you comes the pain of not having you around. I dream constantly about you too. In one of my dreams you told me you were pregnant and I was mind fucked because I never remembered us having sex, but apparently we did. All I did was hold you and tell you I’d be there for you. When I woke up from that one I couldn’t get out of bed for a while. 

But in the end it’s called a break up because it’s broken, and I haven’t seen that until now. I’ve been so naïve and short sighted in thinking that if we’re together we’ll both be happy to see that no matter how much I try to fix something as broken as us, I can’t. I pulled you out of my life, so I should have stayed out of yours. For that I’m sorry. I really am.

I hope that if this letter ever gets to you, that you know it’s from the heart.

For the past two years you’ve helped me through so many hard times and through so many good ones. You’ll always be a part of me that I’ll never forget. I’m sorry that I’ve tried to put you back in to my life so many times. I should’ve seen that it would just end in heartbreak, but I only saw that something was missing instead of seeing that it’s gone for a reason. I’m sorry that I convinced you to come back thinking that everything would work out each time, but I see now how bad I am for you. 

I hope that one day you’ll say hi to me and that we can talk about how we’ve been and that I can clear up anything I’ve confused you about. 

Life goes on and we have to go along with it. That’s something that I’m still trying to do with us. I hope that the next guy that steals your heart will be just as amazing as I am and you can be assured that the next girl to steal mine will be just as amazing as you, and someday we can argue about whose is better. 

You have given me love. You showed me how to be so happy that I cried tears of joy; something only you did for me. It’s been said that the greatest kind of love is the one that awakens your soul and makes you reach for more. It plants a fire in your heart and gives you peace in mind. You’ll always be the girl that did that for me, and I hope that, at some point, I did that for you. Thank you for everything. Every day I thank whoever runs this universe that you were chose to be my first love and I was chosen to be loved by you. 

Thank you.

Sincerely, 

Me 

Well, I'm crying right now. Guh.
If I could up vote a hundred times I would. This is too close to home for me to not have cried. It's the letting go that hurts the most...
Seriously. When you and your ex break up, its okay to be friends and remain on good terms. 

This culture around automatically hating your ex is not only dumb but immature. Have some respect for the person you previously loved and where close to. I understand breakups are heartbreaking and can bring about anger but projecting that anger at your ex won't make you feel better. 

This is different if your ex left you on bad terms (cheated, dumped or was hurtful) of course. But it seems like so many couples have a break up and hate each other for no real reason other then the popular "hate your ex" culture. There is my rant. 
I've never personally encountered an ex couple that hates each other for no reason, but maybe it's just different where I live or my sample size is too small. 

In my experience, many ex couples do hate each other, but it's because they weren't good for each other and one or both of them spiralled out of control. Their breakups are always chaotic and filled with disdain for each other, for reasons that seem completely justified to them.

Almost all of my relationships have ended amicably, or we drifted apart. I only bear some minor resentment towards a few of the women I've been with, particularly regarding how they chose to end the relationship, and, upon reflection, how they treated me within it.

There are a lot of people out there who just don't care who they hurt or how they hurt them.
I don't hate my ex in the least. I love him very much, we just aren't compatible. 
I did that with my ex, everything was cool for a month, if that. Then she just started to ignore me and pretend like I don't exist.

Maybe it's just me. Lol fml.
That's the mindset people should have. 
Reality can be a very hard thing to accept, but being mature about it takes even more effort than a lot are willing to give.
If I am the sun, you are the moon. 
Humbly beautiful, standing back and letting me shine. 

If I am the moon, you are the stars. 
Lighting up even the darkest nights, surrounding me with infinite 
reasons to love you. 

If I am the stars, you are the sky. 
Holding me in your strong hands and never letting me fall. 

If I am the sky, you are the mountains.
Reaching up as tall as possible just to be closer to me. 

If I am the mountains you are the trees,
Filling my whole life up with indescribable beauty. 

If I am the trees, you are the river that flows near me. 
Giving me life every time we touch. 

If I am the river, you are a boulder coming into my life and forever changing the way my heart flows. 

If I am the boulder, you are the ground beneath me. 
Supporting me and keeping me safe. 

If I am the ground, you are a flower. 
Planted in my soul and showing me my potential. 

If I am a flower, you are the rain. 
Falling gently across my face like a thousand little kisses.

If I am the rain, you are the wind spinning me around, keeping me dancing. 

If I am the wind, you are a flag. 
Waving fiercely and cheering me on. 

If I am a flag, you are a castle. 
Proud to present me, giving me purpose. 

If I am a castle, you are a king. 
Letting me protect you, letting me be strong. 

And if you are a king, I must be your Queen.
Because you love me as sweetly as the moon loves the sun.

-CMF

Post this to r/pics as well
That's the cutest thing! Quality time together and snuggle up lile that randomly is the best, I bet.
awesome.
And..........


This is so true, engaged to my second love and I'm the sort of happy you read about in books<3
An enjoyable read! Am currently on such a second love in my mid-twenties, and so much of this rang true...
I can't wait.
This fit my scenario perfectly.  It was exactly what I needed to read.  thank you.
so true! this truly opened my eyes. thank you. :)
Seriously, if I could upvote this a million times, I would!
I disagree. The second time I really felt strong emotions for someone, it was incredibly heartbreaking, since she did not like me back. And in a sense, the situation was so ironic it actually made me feel worse about my first crush.

True love. You can't explain that.
:sniffles:
awwe
I've never had more in common with someone, I've never had 4 hour long conversations about nothing, I've never laughed harder than I do with you.  That feeling that is so deep inside of me that makes me physically hurt to not be with you or talk to you is the reason I know true love exists and the reason I know for the first time in my life, you are my true love.   I gave up on love so long ago, convinced myself it didn't exist, but then there you are. 

GOD I want to talk to you, kiss you, hold you, play with your hair, touch you, feel you, laugh with you, love you. Not just today, not just tomorrow, not for a weekend...I want to be in your life forever.  I want to grow old with you, I want to push your walker around and change out the stupid tennis balls.  I want you to tell me it'll be ok and give me post-it notes when I eventually go insane that remind me every day that you love me and that I love you.  I want to cook for you, I want to hold you when you cry, I want to make you laugh, I want to hear it and see it every day for the rest of my life.  I SHOULD BE WITH YOU AND YOU SHOULD BE WITH ME WHY IS THAT SO FUCKING HARD?!!

You said yesterday "never say never."  I won't.  I said I'd be here, and I promise you I will be.  

I love you more than any of these words will ever be able to describe or explain.

Hopefully one day I'll be able to show you how much I truly love you.  But, if not, I'll still always love you (to the moon and back (God I loved it every time you said that to me)).

No, I'm not crying. (even though you know I really am.)
This could not be any more fucking perfect. Holy crap. 
Just keep trying as hard as you can. Let her/him (?) know and never stop trying. If it's meant to be it'll happen. One day this love or another love will come.

But, out of curiosity, what happened man?


Best thing I have read in a long time.
this makes me a sad panda :(

exactly the same shit i had with my ex, except we started dating and she's still friends with her ex. i over-reacted and we haven't talked in 2 weeks. i miss her so much
Keep believing. :) Those feelings are the true ones. Never rush love. 

:-/

<3
a long, long awaited love.  I'll wait more.  I don't mind. 
Dont be sad. It'll work out. But, if it doesn't. It'll hurt for a while but you'll be better off. I'm a firm believer in letting the person know how you feel, but you shouldn't have to convince them to stay with you.  Good luck and take care.
it's becoming more :) than :-/ but, definitely <3.
I dreamed about you for as long as I can remember. I always thought of how you would look, the relationship we would have. I never lost faith you existed. In my early 20's I looked for you in every man I knew. I even got married thinking it might have been you. It wasn't,  I knew that shortly. And I left and set off to look for you again. My family and friends never quite figured out why I was constantly moving, constantly traveling. Every single time I would get settled down with someone in some place, I would eventually come to know that something was missing. Over the years, I got used to the feeling of knowing I had to pack up and leave because you weren't there. I just hadn't found you yet. Without you, life was great. I had tons of friends, traveled the world and made many memories. But before bed every night, I would think of what it would be like if I was experiencing this with you. Things I knew when looking for you: I knew you would be tall, blonde, blue eyed, in the military, have a great sense  of humor and drive to travel and experience the world like I do. I remember meeting you for the first time. You were exactly how I had always pictured you. Better, even. When we locked eyes, you smiled. I couldn't do much of anything. You were so "my type" it was unreal. You walked right over to me and bought a drink. The sexual attraction was there, but when we started talking and laughing, everyone melted away. I don't  remember a single face other than yours that night. You were kind and funny. You got all of my jokes, I got all of yours. We sat on a bench in the middle of downtown talking for hours. Everything was so perfect, I didn't believe it was you. It couldn't be. It was probably some dude just really good at getting women into bed. So, I went home. You called me the next night and insisted we see each other again. And when I saw you that second night, I knew. I knew it was you. I could feel it in every fucking fiber of my being. My whole body was screaming. We talked for hours much like the night before. We got tipsy and went back to your place. We both knew what was going to happen. I've never wanted to make love to someone so much in my life. I just wanted to feel you. We didn't even make it to the bedroom before we got to it. I stopped you mid sex and said " I'm so glad I've met you. Even if I never see you again and this is all about sex, I'm glad I met you. If you aren't my soulmate, you're damned close. It gives me hope to not stop looking" I cried, you cried, and we wiped each others tears. We have been inseparable ever since. And it's WAY better than I expected. We've been to the same countries, we hate the same foods, we have the same humor, we have the same dreams, we like to workout together, travel together....and don't get me started on the sex. You are hands down my best friend and soulmate. Tonight, we talked about how even death isn't scary as long as we have each other. I FOUND YOU! And now, we're running away and getting married...just as I had dreamed it. 
wonderful story, OP. I wish you the best. Make sure you never forget how lucky you are
Every time I stay quiet 
I can hear a fake silence.
Fake because really, I can hear crickets outside, I can hear people talking, I hear myself breathing. I hear the nothingness that comes only when there isn't much to listen to for today anymore. 
All these things are proof of my consciousness and that I'm alive. 
But the only reason why it means that, why it's even worth it is because you're part of my life. You are the reason why I even spot these things in the quiet. You are what makes me wanna know what else there is to listen to. You are my long term noise, forever filling my silence. 
I love you more than any of these things. I love you because YOU are better proof that I'm alive and that I have a heart. You are the energy that makes everything else run. You are my most intimate and honest love. 

And nothing will ever change that.
"Honey, did you post anything on Reddit yesterday?... No?... Well, damn."


Stop making me feel these missing feels!!
awww <3
I loved it though ^.^
*^.^

That's beautiful!! You should post it on /r/justengaged too :)
Are you purposely dressed as Han solo, or is that just luck?
Thank you! I didn't even know there was a Subreddit for that :)
Hmmm... I'm in a 70s vintage dress, and I dunno about him... Maybe he's channeling Han Solo in some way through our engagement photos??? Ha!
There's almost literally a subreddit for everything ;)



The marshmallow is adorable, just saying. :3
Thank you :3

I smirked at the conversation, but then fully burst out laughing at seeing VIRGIN in the corner. 
Slain**
So about a month ago, I met a guy in my English class. with first impression, I thought he was pretty cute, and upon further inspection, he turned out to be really nice. because of these things, I wanted to ask him out and get to know him better. before I asked him, I went on reddit to find the rage comic titled "Best Pickup Line Ever". I figured I was in for a laugh, so I looked at it. the pickup line was "I like dinosaurs, you like dinosaurs, let's get this thing going." I figured I'd go out on a limb and use it, so I did. and he said yes. fast-forward a month, and everything is going great. long story short, I owe you on, reddit!
Good on ya, girl.
hahahahha I didn't see that rage comic, but this is awesome  :D  oh, and good for you, hope it works out  :D 

Aww that sucks. Looks like he wasn't looking for a girlfriend cause he had another one in mind, though.
I'm sorry that sux dudette
I simply have to get it out there.

I met him as a premedical student while we were in college. I was recently elected to the executive board of your run-of-the-mill student group to do the marketing BS that goes along with it. He was returning to be an exec for his second year. I walked into the room, we locked eyes, and the sound of brakes screeching rattled around in my skull. 

After that first meeting, he waited for me and we ended up talking for an hour before dragging ourselves to our respective A.M. classes. And, jesus, did we hit it off. I tried to quell my primal urges......which worked for 4 weeks or so. Then, he invited me out.

A couple of hours of surfing turned into a night at a local bar. And, many laughs, a few dances, and several drinks later, we ended up back at my place. That night would kick off 9 months of the steamiest (and most fulfilling) friends-with-benefits situation I had ever even heard about. 

We would meet for parking lot rendezvous in the middle of the day to tear each other's clothes off, and at night he would make me dinner and we'd share a six pack and laugh at obscure sketch comedy. He was the only one I trusted to cry in front of when a family member fell very ill, and I was more myself around him than anyone else. I fell for him so hard, but was afraid to tamper with the sanctity of the friends-with-bennies unstated agreement (you know the one), so I remained silent. Little did I know, he was sworn to secrecy for the exact same reasons. 

After months of choking down my desires and desperately searching for any sign of reciprocity, I met someone. He was sweet, innocent, and--most importantly--spoke with conviction about how he felt. Assuming that my "friend" was fine with remaining as such, I made it official with the new man. 

Only a couple of days after the facebook status went active, heralding the official relationship, I received a long heart-wrenching email from the friend. He said that he had been in love with me but afraid to express it for fear of scaring me away, and that if he had known that I would be receptive to having a romantic connection, he would have been the first to jump in line. 

I was crushed. I sat on my floor and cried. And, without thinking it through, drove an hour to his house for what I can only describe now as a pathetic attempt at gaining clarity. He greeted me with a tender smile, we sat on the cliffs of the beach, drank bourbon, and let all of the pent up, emotional angst come out. At sunset, when I couldn't take it anymore, I kissed him. A deep, meaningful one with classy amounts of tongue. But...it was a kiss goodbye. 

I know...I know... You're thinking, "Really? REALLY?! What do you mean  'goodbye'?! Are you stupid?" 

Yeah...yeah I am. 

I suppose I was shy around him. How could I trust that he'd be open with me from now on, especially after having another young man pour his heart out to me so readily? Yep...not airtight logic, that's for sure.

Anyway, we talked a few more times--saying we'd remain friends--and eventually lost contact for two years. Since then, we'd both graduated from college, I'd moved to the opposite coast, and we were both in relationships. 

(Here's the good part!)

One day I was reflecting on my impending medical school applications. I remembered all of the folks I started the journey with and was curious as to who had made it through. After going through my phone, I stumbled upon his number and smiled. And, after two years, I gave him a call. 

The phone rang forever, but when he picked it up, I could hear him smiling. The first conversation was cut short by an evening class of mine, but BANG instant chemistry.

We promised to talk again, and we did. For four hours. And again. And again. It became readily apparent to us both that we had been harboring latent love for the two years of silence. We finally let all of our baggage from our jaded end come to the surface and were finally honest. About everything. And have since maintained that tradition. Interestingly enough, we also found out that both of our relationships were going downhill. "Wouldn't it be strange if we were both single at the same time?"  .................Yes. Yes, it would. 

Well, it happened. And we met at the airport for the first time in 2 and a half years with smiles, and smooches, and sweet embracing. It was a love shit show. 

To make a long story longer, we're now dating. And I've never felt so satisfied in my life. Being together--finally--is so easy. It fits. Perfectly. And, it is such a long time coming. My folks love him, I love him, and it's disgustingly, absurdly amazing. He's moving out here to live with me prior to the start of his medical school (yes, he got in! yay!) so that we can make a good go at things. Depending upon how it goes, my own medical school location will probably be dictated on, within reason, his whereabouts. 

**TLDR: Those outrageously annoying sayings, "If it's meant to be, you'll find each other again" may actually be true. Girl meets boy. Girl loses boy. Boy and girl reunite after two years of silence to enact Happily Ever After. But, heed my warning: don't let time pass wondering whether or not you should be honest with the person you care about. 99.9% of folks don't get a second chance.**
Asses that's so cute! :)
that's amazing :)
That's so awesome! Good for you. Not only is this pretty inspirational for all the single folks out there, but this is really well written. Awesome story. 
Reading stuff like this gives me hope.

That sounds like amazing journey between you two.
I'm going to assume "asses" is an outburst of approval! Excellent! :)
Well, thank you kindly :)

Oh autocorrect... Haha SURE let's go with Asses....
That you are so much in love you start hugging yourself while you daydream?
That there seems to be a fire burning in your chest and you never felt so alive but at the same time it looks like life never was so far away?

And all through this you keep wondering, "What if I just tell him/her? How could anyone deny a force that is so strong?" But at the same time you realize he/she is probably not on the same level, so you keep it to yourself to avoid being hurt.


Do not let that passion burn out. Turn it down a notch and explain. Explain your feeling in a way that will not overwhelm them. Trust. It's better to show them the flames then to let them burn you down
Yeah.  All my life.  I'm 32 and every time I get that feeling I say, "She's probably not feeling me like that." And I shut it down.  I've been single for 10 years.  I haven't been on a date in 4 years.  Even today I had the PERFECT opportunity to talk to this girl I've been wanting to just say hello to for about a year.  I had the whole room to myself.  Just me and her.  And I walked away.  Don't be like me.
I feel you. Trust me if I could tell them I would but Ik they don't feel the same I guess it's just better to just push it down then to let it out cause I feel like being denied would hurt more than pushing it down 
I feel you. That's the worst...going through it. Now add up that the person is married and there you have life's disaster...
someone to wear my clothes. She'd probably look better in my blue v-neck and sweatpants anyway. 

someone who's day I could hear about. I'd listen carefully, but we'd probably get into a tickle fight or something partway through anyway.

someone to snuggle up and read with. Or maybe she would just fall asleep next to me as I stroked her hair and read.

someone I knew I would wake up next to in the morning. We'd help each other prep for the day and make sure whatever we each had to do that day, we were going to do it amazingly well.
Let's mate, mate.
I wish I had someone like you!
Mee too I wish I had someone like you!! Sighs.....
I think we are the same kind of lover.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjTd8Hzim9I
>[**I Wish You Love  - Rachael Yamagata [5:51]**](http://youtu.be/FjTd8Hzim9I)

> [*^atonny ^Shen*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_bg3caPHH8Di01JE3y_Fng) ^in ^Music

>*^1,016,234 ^views ^since ^Jan ^2012*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)

Dang, I was hoping for a link with more information. 

That's beautiful. 

How did you make the transition. Is she aware of the change?
Happy for you! It took me 6 years to finally give my best friend a chance. We've been dating a year and two months and we're still going strong. I hope your relationship is all you'd ever daydreamed of.
This made me so happy to read, 'cause I don't think I would ever have the courage to. I know he doesn't feel the way I do, but even if he did I would be too afraid to go for it I think. Beacuse if it doesn't work out, then I've compromised our friendship. He is such a big and important part of my life and I don't know how to be without him and I don't want to find that out either. Being just friends is enough. It's not optimal for me, and it's not the love story I would prefer.. but it is enough. I wish the best of luck to the both of you!
Yes we are dating as of a week ago. I got out by finally just saying look I know you better than anyone you always say you want a bf like me, we'll give me one chance I took her on a awesome date she's told me she's dumb for not seeing it earlier
Well done! Much happiness to you both.
Me and my bf met the very first day of chemistry lab our freshman year of college. We both showed up in flip flops, shorts and without safety goggles. To get into lab you had to have pants, closed toed shoes, and those terrible safety goggles. Well, we were the only two students out of a 100+ class without the proper attire, so we were sent back to our dorms to get our things. We ended up walking back together, and coincidentally lived on the same floor of the same dorm building. Once we collected our proper materials, we headed back to the lab and, once again another coincidence. Both our last names started with S and so we became lab partners. The two most unprepared students became lab partners. Great. That turned out not to be such a bad thing. We got close super fast. we studied together alot and over time things just connected. I still remover when I realized I was starting to like this boy. My sweat pants in lab turned to yoga pants.  My hair just alittle more neater than the regular messy braid. One night of studying particularly stands out. My roommate and I were studying in the commons area when I asked him to come out and study chemistry with me. Obviously chemistry wasn’t studied, and we spent the next few hours talking about all our interests. They were fightenly similar. There was no way that this handsome kid liked broadway plays, traveling the world, geeking out to lord of the rings, or playing music? For sure he was just pulling my strings, just pretending to be interested in all the same things as me. Turns out, we really were just that similar. The first night when our feelings were revealed, I knew wed eventually end up together. He invited me over for a LOST marathon after a strenuous week of exams. We started off just slouching on his bed, obviously exhausted from studying and the mental warfare that is exam week. He began lying on the bed, and so i casually leaned into him. before i knew what was happening my head was on his chest and he had his arm around my waist. (he even planted tiny kisses on my head thinking i wouldn't notice. Believe me, i noticed). We laid together for hours, almost "watching" an entire season without even paying attention to the screen. We talked about everything and anything that came to mind. Thats my favorite thing about him, things are never boring, we can talk about anything. We often even debate and share our different opinions  on topics, which is great to find out more about eachother. So back to the story, there was obviously some unspoken tension. As i got up to leave he asked "would i be break the rules if..." and i kissed him before he could finish his sentence ("would i be breaking the rules if i kissed you" is what he meant to say). you see, i was in a crumbling relationship, and he had just broken up with his high school sweetheart. I dont think we planned on anything happening, it just all fell into place. were we breaking rules? definitely not. kissing someone had never felt so right. I cant remember being as excited about anything than that kiss. It was hard leaving his room after that, but I managed to run to my twin sisters room to gush about this amazing boy. Thinking back on that night it feels like a fairy tail. I consider it one of the best nights of my life. 
aww such a sweet story
Lovely story!  Where are things with you guys now?
Don't mean to be rude, but would you mind editing your post and hitting the Enter key in a few appropriate places such that your story is broken down into logical paragraphs? Right now my brain is saying TL;DR.
we ended up officially dating about 6 months after that night, but were now a month away from our one year! 
if its annoying to you, just dont read it. 
I'm sorry you took my comment personally. :(

no harm done
[deleted]
It was merely a request to compose a story properly. Breaking thoughts up into logical paragraphs using the return key are done for the same we use punctuation marks to denote the end of a sentence.

I wasn't complaining about it being annoying, merely that it was hard to read with one long run-on paragraph.

For what it's worth, I went back the next day when my eyes weren't so tired and read it again. It was a good story, but would have been far easier to read with proper paragraphization.

I said I was sorry with a frowny face, she replied "no harm done". Everything is copacetic. No?
[deleted]
It's true. It doesn't.  :)
Remember that person you thought you couldn't live without? Well, look at you, living and doing better :)
thank you actually its short and true and made me realize that i can still live :)
You've made my night.
"I didn't know Reddit had a love category."
Well yeah you're right :)
This pen is NOT blue. 
You will always live 
Thank you
Love rules the world and the heart 
-:D


She could just as well be his daughter. Nice illustration nonetheless. 
Adorable!
Neh, they're the same age...the difference is that he measures 6.5' feet and that she only measures 5.2'
They do get that a lot tho...

Thanks

Oops, I clicked without looking at the title. I thought it was the girl talking about her big brother.
Me, I'm going to sleep. Too bitter. Haha. 
In high school I remember this one boy in my class who was very very quiet. He would always look at me and his friends would make gestures to kind of make it a bit obvious that he had liked me. I'm not sure till this day if I read those gestures correctly but anyway that's besides the point. This kid shares the same background as me and It has been very difficult to find people who share my background where I live. He and I only shared one conversation exchanging the fact that we are both of the same religion and whatnot, he was really surprised that I was too and I always felt he took an interest in me before he knew. He's very religious from what he has shown and told me from that one time. Anything after that was just exchanged awkward glances, he's really shy I think.I always thought about him and the summer after I graduated non stop. I thought of him every single day, day and night. I never knew why. Today I actually thought of him and it's weird because the thought of him began to fade long ago but I do think of him when I pray every once in a while. Well anyway, today I thought of him and I was leaving my college and I look up and he's literally walking right before my eyes. I stood there and froze. I said absolutely nothing to grab his attention. He was walking in a way where he wasn't able to see me so I'm not sure if he saw me before I saw him or not. I was so amazed, I haven't seen him in a year and I thought of him today and I saw him shortly after. He doesn't go to my college because he's a year younger than me but I assume he came to register? I hope he did :) I'm praying that I'll see him again because I feel like something is there. Thank you for reading.
A word of advice: don't be emotionally invested in someone you don't know properly. It's easy to make superficial/ face-value judgments, but people are complex and have many layers to their personalities. And trust me (I speak from personal experience), it hurts like muh'fugger to construct an idealized image of someone in your head, only to have it completely shattered as you uncover their real identity. 
Which is not to say that you shouldn't keep an eye on this person as a potential partner...but only that you should tread very carefully m'dear. 
You guys have probably good chemistry, mentally and physically. You don't love him. Love takes time to form.


Waoh.
That is great.

It's so neat when life works like that....!
Who
I'm in love with my best friend. My confidante. We've been together a year and two weeks ago he told me he loved me. I've never been in a more functional, happy relationship. We're going to rent a house together in the next few months and I am patiently awaiting the day he tells me he wants to spend his life with me. He makes me so incredibly happy.
I'm incredibly happy for you! This is how a relationship should be.
GUAAAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHH

Envy. 

(happy for ye really. Hope it works out 8) )

I'm struggling with this currently.
It's absolutely true in my experience. I am friends with a past love and we are definitely still in love. It's a little weird, I mean we're both married and whatnot and I don't think either of us wants to leave or threaten our current situations. It's not like love is a finite resource. I will say that some years had to pass between the ending of our relationship and becoming friends. It would have just been too weird right after.
Certainly not true for me.
I think it's very risky to remain friends when starting a new relationship
Hope things work well for you.
I see your words, and deja vu.   0_0
Agreed. But sadly emotions and logic don't resonate.
Thanks bro

What if you find both together, in the same person, a potent combination. You thank the god and the heavens. And then you mess up and she leaves. You just sit there killing yourself everyday, never being able to forgive yourself.
I've been there bro. When you find both thats one hell of a combination. I also wrote something on why men and women cheat. http://mundermind.wordpress.com/2014/03/21/why-men-and-women-cheat-the-accelerated-cycle-2/
It's been one year and six months since you left me. One year and six months since I cried my eyes out on your porch begging for a second chance, begging for you. Since then I've been deployed twice. I've been in a few life or death situations. I'm not going to lie; I've thought about you the entire time. Remember last December? I surprised you at work with two dozen red roses in my dress uniform. I was leaving that next week to go on deployment. When you ditched me on our coffee date that weekend broke my heart. I remember how you always talked about seeing the world. Seeing the beauty outside the United States. I've taken hundreds of pictures. Some of the most beautiful things I've ever seen I got on picture; None of them compare to you though. You run through my head about once an hour. I don't know if I'm crazy or in love. I don't know if I'm mentally ill or if this is normal. I miss you like crazy. I wonder if you ever think of me like I think of you. If you ever look at the stars and wonder if I'm okay, or if I'm alive. I hope you don't. I don't want you to go through what I'm going through. Even though you led me on for months after the break up I still love you. Even though you promised we get together again, and never did I still love you. Even after you got a boyfriend two weeks after we broke up; I still love you. You were the first woman I've ever fell in love with. The only woman I've ever made love to. The only human I've ever truly cared about. You are a perfectly orchestrated collection of atoms; Perfect enough to make the cosmos jealous. I can't help but think of you. When I was in the ICU, completely dependent on a machine for survival, the memories of us is how I survived. I will never forget you. I hope you are happy with him. I hope one day you tell me why you left me. I hope one day you'll be proud of me. I'll never forget. Remember the lightning bugs..

EDIT: Thank you all for actually reading this. I have hopes that there is a slim to nothing change that she will read this.  I just want her to know her I feel about her. She has my phone number blocked, facebook blocked and I don't want to harass her.

IF by any chance you are reading this please know...
-You mean more to me than you'll ever know.
-I'm sorry for whatever I did; If you would give me a chance, even to be friends, you wouldn't regret it.
-I'm willing to change everything about myself for you.
-I wasn't mad when you bought two 1,000$ cats, I'm not mad at you now.
-Being in the dark about everything is eating away at me. Why did you do it? What did I do? Did you know I was going to propose that night? Do you know how hard it was to cry and beg for you back infront of you? 
-Atleast call me so we can get closure...So I can get closure.. I have the same phone number.

Ps.- I still have the ring if you want it..
Very beautifully written. Isn't love amazing? The most powerful force in the universe.

I'm glad you're being positive about your love for her and using it as motivation to get through being in the tough world of military and bettering yourself, as opposed to having this heart break destroy u. 

I was also in a similar situation, ex said I wouldn't amount to anything, I was too skinny, I wasn't good enough, cheated on me towards the end left me, yet i still loved her and wanted her back. 
I set out to prove her wrong, got a good education, became healthier, started working out, became fit and strong as fuck, all to prove her wrong and hopefully get her back. 

Along the way, my mindset began to change, I'm going to keep bettering myself for someone who actually deserves me. It's been abt 2.5 yrs since our breakup. I'm still single, but the few woman I've dated in the last 6 months has let me realize 2 big things, there are many many types of women out there who also have soo much to offer, women who my ex pales in comparison to, and I'm not even talking about looks. The 2nd being that I'm such a fucking catch. 

I now know exactly what I want in girl and believe the girl for me is out there. My ex now wants me back and wants me hard, I actually spent a night with her abt a month ago and realized how i want absolutely nothing to do with her anymore. 
I'm not gonna say forget ur ex, cuz you're not there yet. What I will say is, keep using her to get thru your days, day dream, fantasize about her, keep a journal abt ur feelings for her anything. Just make sure its positive thinking and its helping you out. Stay with the mindset of bettering yourself so she will take u back someday. 
Something magical will happen along the way and u'll be prepping urself for a far greater love.

Some advice some old lady gave me like 2-3 weeks after I was dumped, heartbroken, angry and completely lost. 
"Don't be angry she cheated and left you, you didn't offer her something she wanted from a bf, so she went out and found someone who did. Be glad she had the courage to do so, now u must dig yourself up and go find what you're looking for cuz she's not the one for u" I didn't see it that way at the time but eventually I began to really understand and believe it. 

This world is full of amazing human beings. You'll find someone better eventually and you'll look back at ur ex and be glad she left you so you could go better urself and find ur true love.

TL:DR 
Time is your only friend. Stay positive and better urself for someone else, someone who will be a million times better for YOU
[deleted]
Beautiful
[deleted]
Bra just leave a letter to her with no postmark from you. It will make you feel better
Absolutely amazing. I'm so glad somebody else knows exactly how I feel. Thank you.
No need to cry; Tears don't help anything in reality. I'm sorry you've been in the same situation..As for the last part..I don't know either..
It came truly from the heart.
Even after a year and a half?
[deleted]
To me she's my motivation. Whether it be intense training, in the actual field or even just remember when she told me that I'll never amount to anything (after we broke up). I use it as a drive. Something to, when all my resources are exhausted, push me even further. I use it in hopes to maybe one day proving her wrong.. Thank you for taking your time to read this.
That's actually a pretty healthy thing. Like to her, I don't want to be "just some guy she was with for a few years". I want to be "wow, I can't believe I was with HIM, why did we break up again?".

Prove her wrong, and in the process you'll maybe recover from it all a little too. Best of luck man, you'll be fine :)

What's with the back-quotes?

How'd he? Well It doesn't matter OP won.
Treat her well OP, you two look really happy together!
Made me so happy to see :). Take good care of her! I need to go hug my gf now.

Pardon? How'd I what? and won what?
Thank you. And I'll be sure to continue doing so!
Thanks! I will!
He means you did good! Hold on to her! I hope she's a freak in bed.
Ah. Well thank you both!

That's wonderful :)
r/im14andthisisfunny
Yes, I've noticed that. I've also noticed that when people tell me to enjoy myself, it's fun to say, "Thanks, but I'd rather enjoy someone else for a change."
*tears*

a bit late.. but congrats, mate! Wishing the both of you a very happy life together.
She is so AMAZING!!! She makes me so happy it makes me want to cry out of so much joy. I didn't think I was going to find a person that makes me so happy and I finally did! I haven't seen her in 5 days and I know thats not a lot but to me it seems like an eternity. I am here at the library trying to finish my papers but all I could think of is her and the next time I will see her. I just want to hold her in my arms and kiss her. I love everything about her, her smile, her kisses, the look she gives me even the way she gets when she's upset. I LOVE HER!!
Stop being a pussy and tell her.
Get ready for the crushing blow. 
I've been away from her for 1 hour and I miss her sooooooooooooooo much. 
Do not confess anything until you have impressed her enough to love you back
I'm happy that you're so giddy about all this, but I think there's a pretty clear distinction between infatuation and love. You sound in the former.
The thing is , I can understand your fear, but if you never try, you'll never get out of your shell and always wonder 'what if'. The best thing is to try and not expect, in this way, you can't get disappointed
Get a grip.
[deleted]
Although I really want to tell her, the last person I said these words too crushed my heart. I mean she kicked it and spat at it. I know this girl is completely different and wont do that but I still have that fear of getting hurt again. 
na I am going to enjoy the feeling as longs as it last. Not everyone feels this way and I didn't always feel this way and now that I know how it feels to be in love I am going to enjoy it
Why dont more people see it this way?
My boyfriend was the same way. He said he didn't want to say it because of the way the other girls had treated him. I told him first and he wouldn't say it for a few weeks because he was scared. IT HURT! I felt like I was being punished for the actions of the bitches in the past. But he told me and we've been really happy. We both treat each other well with equal respect. Go ahead and say it, you're missing out if you don't. And if she does end up treating you badly, then get out of that relationship before you waste more of your time.
That's why I said stop being a pussy. Just do it. Not to be crude here, but the only thing better than finding a girl you love, is boning the girl you love.
Dude, I'm in the same spot as you, except she's taken. I've dated her 3 times before, and I made the same mistake each time, and it makes me want to bash my skull in. 

I remember the girl I had before her. She cheated on me. I caught her sucking face in the hallway at my old school. I had to pay $35 to get the guys face print out of the locker. Ever since then I've been afraid to admit how I feel. This girl is the first I've felt for in a while, mostly because I refused to get attached to anyone after that. Good luck bro, hope your girl keeps your heart warm. Mine is ash. 
Don't let fear stop you. Do you really want to go your whole life wondering if she loved you too? It's worth the risk. Trust me. 
You can still enjoy it after getting a grip. If you think this is the best it gets, then it will be the best it gets. In which case, I'll have to go ahead and apologize for the crushing blow you would take. Plenty of people feel live in a 100% honest and mutual relationship so as rude as it sounds, get a grip man.
Good choice of attitude! Try not to be blinded too much though and have fun...I hope she reciprocates the feelings.
[deleted]
who said i wasn't boning her? We are already together I just haven't said the words to her. 
Thus putting themselves in perfect position to be taken advantage of. What an odd process..
You'll blurt it out eventually. Don't worry. 
Pics or gtfo

aaaaw.....
[here u go](http://thenicestplaceontheinter.net/)
This has real meaning to me 
<insert internet hug here>
One of the worst feelings in the entire world.
I feel your pain 
I know exactly how that feels. A little bit too much actually. 

My boyfriend is overseas in the military. Stay strong because we will get our hug soon :3


Very cool! 
Very masculine 
So.. when you broke up you had a BF and this presant is from a GF ? wtfKarmaTroll?
This. 
Well you could be right. This person could also be bisexual though. I don't know how long ago the post about the breakup was though.

I'm completely insanely crazy in love with my best friend. He's literally the only person I trust, I tell him everything. I wish I had never fallen for him, but it would be impossible for me to share as much as I have without loving him. Oh well...
It's not good(for me). When we are friends, we can share anything, but when we became lovers, we can only share from 50-70%. Particular, from our friends can become lovers, but from the love we became friends very hard...
Thinking is clear ^-^
If so, you are must brave to say what you think with him, you know maybe you'll get a good result as you desire. Try it. Never lose your feelings. 
Nah. He doesn't believe he deserves love or that anyone will ever love him or something. He wouldn't believe me. 
You spoke to him already? Don't be discouraged. You should let him feel your love by your actions and attitudes. I hope that he will understand your love for him. Maybe I can understand your feeling little bit but I'll support you. You should do what you think ... (if you want, you can share everything with me) hjhj ^.^
I agree

Do you ever just look at someone and imagine how your life would be with them? I think often times its hard not to be blinded by the prospect of love. My entire life I've experienced two types of loves; the love of what someone appears to be that just ends with an empty relationship because the person I'm with isn't who I thought them to be, and the instantaneous love I feel for those who inspire me but appear to be unattainable, the love that is expressed distantly and only exist in my mind and in my heart. Its this type of love that brings me the most comfort but also the most pain. All I've ever wanted since I was a child was to fall in love with someone who would save me but as I get older the reality of that becomes more and more slim and my thoughts become more desperate. I fear that one day I will receive no more comfort from my thoughts. I want to be a wife more than anything else in the world. There's something very nostalgic to me about the idea about being able to grow with someone, to fall in love, to *have him show me the world as I show him mine* but it seems that this won't happen. **“You were unsure which pain is worse -- the shock of what happened or the ache for what never will.”**
Profound words from a mature soul.
Well said.. and painfully agree. I know exactly what you mean. Wish I had answers for you. As of right now I do not. Only the future can tell. 

Hearts and hugs stranger. Here's to us both finding that kinda of love you speak of.
Why does it hurt soo much when you loose  something which is not even yours to begin with?? love is a weird thing ...
We always tend to  fall for those people who no mattter how hard you try will not love you back.Life can be really unfair at times  for people like me, THE ONE -SIDED LOVERS.
We are one of a kind, a rare breed,not everyone can love someone unconditionally without expecting anything in return but their company .   All we ever wanted was to be looked at by our loved one the same way we look at them,sadly love cannot be forced we cannot make people feel the same way we feel about them,if it arises through coersion its not love  at all.
Its painful to be this way,its painful when you can't let someone go  cause your waiting for a miracle to happen , no one understands your pain when you see them happy with another person,those pain which you cannot share with others are the worst of its kind,no one will support you they might even call you a weirdo, a despo and what not... you alone know how it feels to love someone with all your heart and when it  goes to waste.
In this world Love is rare not everyone experiances it ,be glad that you are able to experiance the strongest ,the most painful ,the most beautiful form of them all......THE UNREQUITED LOVE 
I understand how you feel man, trust me. At times it does really hurt me that the person i like will never like me back, but other times i understand It's for the best. I want her to be happy and if i can't  make her happy then oh well. She is one of my closets friends and one of the most nicest person ever, although she can be a real bitch some time. It's for the best i suppose, but aslong she allows me to I will continue to joke around about being with her. I suppose that's all i can really say. Even if i can't make her happy, someone will some day. It will fuckinh destroy me, but if that person makes her happy, who am i to stop her? We'll find that special person one day, but for that to happen we have to be willing to find them...
"if it arises through coercion it is not love at all" sometimes i forget this. it makes me sad. 
The second I let go of my three year unrequited love I felt like my entire heart was gone from my body. Three weeks later I met the love of my life and realized the unrequited love was never true love at all. True love loves you back
In trying to cope with heartbreak, I just need to remember the beginning. Not two months ago when we started dating, but eight years ago. Sitting at HuHot eating dessert rangoons at my brother's birthday. Looking at this boy who was too handsome to be my brother's friend. With his perfect teeth and laughing brown eyes and overwhelming natural charm.

Fast forward, helping move into the house we live in now. Moving furniture and making jokes, but still being too young to really know how to approach a boy. Innocent, shy, and naive.

And then sitting in the basement that is now my bedroom but was then a game room. Listening to music - offspring, slipknot, system of a down, everything - and playing video games. Talking about anything.

Going to cemeteries when I got into high school. "Ghost hunting" until ungodly hours. Trespassing at Menninger's. All the while watching him fall in and out of love with other girls.

We used to drive around with my brother. Go to echo cliff each with our own 2 liter of Mountain Dew. He would always help me up if I slipped. Or give me his jacket when I was cold.

And then I took a risk.

Started texting him and talking to him and we started our own friendship. Not one that made us friends through my brother, but friends in our own right.

And it wasn't long before we started talking about being more than friends. Feelings got involved.

And then a summer of house arrest. Where he visited me almost every day. And a tent in the back yard where he kissed me for the first time and held me while I cried. That's the summer I realized I was in love. And I was so mad when I realized it. He went to boot camp that summer. I waited for him.

When he got back, things were different. I thought I'd lost him. He didn't care about me and everything he'd said had been a lie. I spent a winter hurting over him.

The next spring we reconciled. Things weren't necessarily the same, but it was ok. We were friends again. We went to Rockfest together. The Pretty Reckless, Korn, and Killswitch Engage. He probably saved me from getting trampled to death a thousand times that day. It's still my favorite day of my entire life.

And then we were working together and he lived with my brother and I could see him always. Got to fall asleep in his arms a few nights. I always felt safe. I've missed those nights desperately since 2014.

Then he and my brother had a falling out. I was torn. My brother, or the man I'd fallen in love with. I didn't really ever choose. But he and I kept talking. We cultivated a relationship of our own. He was my safe place even if he wasn't ever mine to claim.

He took me on our first date July 1, 2015. I was arrested just over a week later.
We weren't a couple while I was in jail. But he answered when I called. He showed up to my court date. He came to visit me the day I got out. He never gave up on me.

When I got out he took me on another date. And then we became a couple. And then I screwed it up.

But if I can forget that. If I can remember everything else we ever were before I got out. I can get through this. No one will ever see him the way I do. I still look at him with the eyes of a child starring hopefully at a knight in a princess story. Just hoping he'll be there.

He's so far from perfect. But no matter if he loves me or if he hurts me, I think I'll still choose him every time.
God if this isn't true.  I hurt my ex, a lot, I really did, but I wish that she could just remember how absolutely, heart-wrenchingly beautiful things were in the beginning before everything went sour.  
The beginning is always the best...
Have you ever felt that same way about the beginning twice? I've begun to meet and see other people that I really, really like and who should be by all standards incredibly compatible with me and we laugh and do stupid things together and I feel like I should have that "beginning" over again with them but I just don't feel it at all...
No I have never felt the way I felt to her... I hate her because she was self centered but I can't help but still love her even though I can't talk to her
I can't talk to her either... I'm blocked on everything, and I've given up trying, I don't want to seem like a stalker.  

Hope sucks doesn't it? Do you ever run through your head all the possible scenarios where maybe she'll bump into you at a coffee shop two years down the line and give you another try at everything? Maybe you don't, but it's not like I actively try to, my mind does it by itself every now and then.

Can I ask what happened?
GAAAAY as fuck you fucking nigger. She wasn't "bad for you" she just didn't want ot let you smash. This is the gayest shit ever this subreddit is just sappy dudes crying and being gay as fuck i was looking for philosophical discussions on love but its just retards

and u know there is a 6'2 nigger gripping her by the throat and fishing hooking her cheek while beating the pussy up over and over again. lol you know she doesnt give a shit about that summer.
Everything in the poem and more magical moments. We're just friends, we were never anything more. I wanted to be, but she wouldn't let me. Said she was bad for me. She was right, and I'm glad looking back I didn't have it my way, but I still fell in love with her as a person and that's never going to change.

I'm guessing she said yes!!?!?!? You guys are adorable!
Beautiful picture man
That's awesomes! Good luck pals! 

this says nothing... 'you' is everybody in the whole world!
Love is All ............ Love your Family ....Love your Boy or Girl friends.... :)

Ya know, you could have just typed out what you said instead of making a hallmark card out of it. 

But I am happy things may have worked out for you. Not many guys I know could deal with an age gap like that.

Do you find it sometimes hard to talk to each other? Interest wise?
With all respect:

Well played. That's fairly powerful.

You guys are so CUTE together! He's one lucky fella! How long had you guys been together?
You guys have a suicide pact or how do you know?
Wow, this picture just made me really happy for some reason. I wish you two the best of luck!
Thank you! We have been together for about a year and 4 months.
We have become best friends throughout our dating relationship. I deeply treasure him, and I want him in my life even if we are no longer dating :-)
Thank you very much. We are still hanging in there!
That's great. I just made 2 years with my
girlfriend and we are STILL all over each other like it's our first month!  I wish you guys the same and good luck! 
Thanks! 
I feel incomplete. 

I write this note because I am in love with one of the most amazing girls in this world. Yet she does not love me back. I write because I love her so much that it drives me insane and I have no other emotional outlet.

I long to be with her. Just being near her makes my heart do backflips. It makes me feel....so alive. More alive than I could ever imagine. We could be just sitting in an empty closet together and we wouldn't have to do or say a single thing. And I would just melt in every second of perfect bliss. Simply because she's just in the room.

I long to hold her in my arms and feel her body so close to mine. Her heart beating against my chest while I fight the urge to never let her go. Her beautiful eyes gazing into mine as I kiss her gently. In my mind that would make me the luckiest man to ever live.

I dream of the day where I can hold her in my arms and call her mine. And be there for her. All the time. Not because I have to, but because it's all I ever want to do.  

But I'm an idiot. I can't spend time with her without later regretting doing or not doing certain things. I can never seem to give her the most amazing time that I know I'm capable of giving her. I cannot just open up and be myself. My love for her gets in the way of my ability to show her how great we would be together. And that tears me apart. It rips me to shreds. It eats away at my mind day and night. And that just makes me love her even more. It's torturous that I cannot be with the love of my life.

She is my weakness. She confuses me and then I confuse myself even more by thinking about it too much. I hate not knowing how she feels about me.

But most importantly, I wish she could read this. I wish I could just tell her how I really feel and not have to worry about creeping her out or overwhelming her. I wish she could just read every last word and know that they're REAL. That they are as real as she makes me feel alive. That there is somebody out there who wants to be with her more than anything. Ever.

Man, I've got to stop. This is crazy.
Don't write it here.

Call her. Read her this entire thing out loud. 


You need to let her how you feel.
You come in this world with nothing and leave with nothing, so what have you got to lose? Nothing. I'd go ask her out and make the best of things. Best of luck to you!
This is a quote I have copied to my own writings "A soul mates purpose is to shake you up, tear apart your ego a little bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so new light can get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you have to transform your life.." Sometimes when you love them they just don't love you back and it is hard to deal with but better to know than not. I have just "lost" the woman who makes me feel as you do...and I have been hoping for two years that "somehow" we would be together. She has never felt the same for me and now I need to find a way to deal with it. I pray that you find peace if not the love you are hoping for.
I'm i a similar situation, which i have posted here aswell. Thing is, because you cannot tell her how you feel, the feelings you have for her, duplicate at a rate 100% than it should. 

As some others have advised me, don't put her on a pedalstal. Get back to reality and just tell her plain and simply how much you like her. Do not ring her and tell her everything because it may freak her out. If telling her how you felt sparks into a convo then develop it=
Im experiencing the same exact thing, I guess you just wait and see what happens :( IDK what else someone can do.
Just wait until you find someone who loves you back! The feeling is much more intense and much more comfortable, just as confusing though!
Good luck!

His name is Nas Hat? Really?
Yes it really is
I have no idea why I am posting this; guess I just want it out in the world.

I've been mad for a woman for nearly 3 years. She floored me the moment I saw her and has completely captured my heart since. Nothing has happened between us and nothing ever will. There are some circumstances in her life that prevent us from ever being together, although I'm certain she has some very strong feelings for me. What we have is a business relationship filled with friendly and often very personal conversations. She stopped by to exchange Christmas gifts yesterday and while we were standing in the cold talking about what the future holds for us in our careers, I realized that I could, quite accurately, put a number on the remaining amount of times I will see this woman in my life. It breaks my heart a bit.

23 at best.
If it is meant to be then it will. Your will and her's will determine your future. Never lose hope. 
Question is if you don't let her know how you feel you'll let her get away
you have to tell us more about this. please.

Never lose touch with her. Email her if you can, hell send her actual mail to make it more personal. Always stay in touch with her. Never lose that special touch that you know you two have, I hope the best for you. 
There's been a change with my job for the worse. After February I have no work related reason to have contact with this woman. I'll probably see her a couple more times, but since we both try to avoid any casual contact, I suspect that'll be the end of it. Probably for the best. Eventually the edges will soften and feelings will fade and I can move on.
God am I going to miss her.
.
http://www.abload.de/img/lifefinds7quqi.gif
She knows. We met each other too late.

Maybe the next lifetime for this one.
What do you mean too late?  Is she married?  

If not, there is no such thing as too late.  Take a chance, take a risk so you won't regret this for the rest of your life.

I think you need to pursue this. I felt this strongly as well, and although I didn't get the outcome that I hoped, I never regretted it. 

Don't be lax about it man. Do it, fight for it. 

Awww you two look so cute together! :)
It'll be 9 years till I see you again? ;) <3

It must have been one hell of continuous love orgies of dinosaurs over 65 million years ago.
It was Sophomore year in highschool, my great grandfather had passed away, my parents lost their business, and our house became foreclosed. I fell into the wrong group of kids, trying to cope with the extreme amount of stress and depression I was dealing with. I went from a sweet kid who wanted to become everyone's friend to a hoodlum, smoking, listening to metal, atheist, and hated the world, until she came along.

There was something about her, she made me happy, one of the only times I could ever be happy during those times. She would make me laugh and smile, and she started bringing the old me back out. It was wonderful, I loved her, but i was too nervous to ask her out. Soon she was taken from me, I had waited too long, someone else had asked her out and she hardly ever saw me again.

I had dropped harder than ever before, my heart broken, depression kicking in, I didn't want to live anymore. Nothing was ever going right, things only got worse, and I didn't want to live in it anymore. I was walking along a bridge, and thought about jumping off, when I received a text message, it was from her, the first time I had talked to her in a half a year, and she had said that she missed me, and that she had broken up with her boyfriend. Receiving that text made me change my mind, I walked away from the bridge, and continued to talk to her for the rest of the night.

At the end of the night, we were talking about movies, the new toy story, and how it's ending around the same time we are graduating/ getting close to graduating. She said that every good movie has to end, and she was watching one right then, she said that it was about a young girl texting this amazing, sweet boy, but was getting so tired she couldnt focus any more.

This event made me man up and finally ask her out, I am a computer person, and she speaks a little French (now is minoring in French in college) so I decide to make a program that would tell of a story, and at the end of the story, it would open a file hidden on the jump drive containing the story of a teddy beat holding a heart, and in French, it said "Kira, will you go out with me?" i had given it to her on a Friday, and was nervously awaiting a reply, on Sunday, I finally got a reply saying that she would love to go out with me, making me the happiest guy in the world.

We went to the movies, and went to dinner afterward, she has diabetes, and she is allergic to wheat, so her choices for food are extremely limited, but that was no worry to me, I would learn to deal with anything for her. It was the best night of my life, going on a date with the girl I've loves for a year and a half now, nothing could get better.

It wasn't a week later that I decided to ask her if we could be Facebook official, when she told me the bad news... She said that she thought we were going out as just friends. It crushed me, I didn't know what to do or say, I had payed for the entire night out, but it was worth it at the end of the night because I loved her, and I would have done anything for her, and she thought it was just as friends... I was not myself since that point.

A year and a half later, I still love her, she's still the girl that saved me from dying, and saved me from being a highschool drop out, smoking and drinking and partying. I graduated highschool, and planned on moving to Oregon for college a week later. 

At my going away party, she came, and bringing a chocolate rose for me. The night progressed, eventually her and I ended up kissing, the best thing that has ever happened in my life. She had flashed me that same night, but the kiss was the most important event, nothing else mattered but that. I wanted her to come with me, but she had college there, and her family, so we went our separate ways.

Moving to Oregon was achieved through the use of cars, and many nights of staying in hotels, one night in the hotel, I decided to check Facebook when I see it, the worst thing that I had ever seen, it said "Kira is in a relationship to John Doe (not actual name)" my heart stopped beating, I couldn't breath, I couldn't think, I couldn't do anything. I was a statue, frozen in time and space. Not 3 days since I left, and she is in a relationship with some guy, I talk to her about him, and she tells me about how he's sweet, and really shy, and how it took a lot for him to ask her out, it sounded like he had the exact same personality as me. The girl i love, taken by a guy who is exactly like me. My heart shattered into a million pieces.

After reaching Oregon, I placed the chocolate rose she gave me on my desk, in the hand of a dragon statue, I see it every day when I sit at my computer, and I think of her, and how much I love her, she means everything to me, and even though she is with another guy, she's happy, and that's all that matters to me.

If that isn't love, than I don't know what is, thank you for taking your time to read the story of my crappy, but true love story, not every love story ends happily, but no one knows what happens in the future, and maybe something good would finally happen in my life :)
That was a very sweet yet very sad story. However, please let this be something that gives you the will to keep looking for love. There is another girl out there somewhere that will be amazing for you. But, was a read good! 
I don't know... I've had something extremely similar happen to me. How can a girl just do that? Just say oh. I thought we were going out as friends? No! That's bull shit! What kind of person doesn't understand that when you ask someone out it's because you have a romantic interest in them? I mean that the fuck!
I understand. I had a guy ask me out on a date and for a month he showed that he liked me and always flirted. After the date and three small (not great) kisses next day. He tells me he just wants to be friends and that he wants me to hangout with him after work. I was like the fuck is wrong with you? He hurt ny feelings bad and it drove me crazy. HoweverI got over it. And fell for my bestfriend. And now I am with my bestfriend and he is so amazing!! The love he gives me is great. My point is never be hung up on someone. Because someone better comes along. :)
I know i should get over it, but she makes it so hard, she always finds a way to come back into my life somehow, and because of my feelings towards her, i welcome her in it. When she kissed me, i felt as though nothing else in the world mattered, that everything would be okay from then on because she was there. People say time heals everything, and it was 4 months since i had last talked to her or seen her, and out of no where she messaged me, and every one of those memories came surging back in, as though she had cracked open a dam, and all of my memories of her was the river being held back by the dam. It all came crashing in, and i was engulfed by the rushing water. Its all so hard, but I'm trying to get over it, and hopefully someone will come along in my life that will make me feel like i did towards her again.
Awh. You should not let het have all that control over you. Be happy she was there when you needed someone the hope and remember it. But, do not let it control you. Email her and tell her how what she did was not right to you and she should've known better too. That was not right. There is nooo way she did not know your feelings to her.and you will get over it!! Trust me. Right now it seens as if you will never. And as if she will be the obly girl you will ever love. But, she wont be. Get out there!! Met people. Make friends. Dont look for  love!! Live will find you. I never thought that the guy I met at orentation at work would turn into the love of my life. I was not looking for love with him just friendship and boom. We're together and it is great. Once I stopped looking and stopped caring about love... It came. to meUgh stupid reddut moblie fucking up my text!!! Sorry. But, it will get better. Take urself from.her... That will help. Bit you should maybe confront her on what she did and how it made you feel. But dont linger to much on it.  It will get better rven if it feeels like it wont. Sorry if misspelled words or anything. This new bacon reader update is fucking up how i type..  would 
Thank you. You have helped me out more than you could imagine. I'm a helpless romantic that didn't think about anything else other than love. Love is the reason why I am where I am, why I am here, and meeting you wonderful people. Love is what makes gives us our happiest points in life, and then takes us down to our saddest points in life. I was... well, am pretty down because of it right now, but because of you, and your wonderful advice, I am somewhat looking forward toward the future, curious as to know what it has in stock for me. Maybe, I meet my future wife the first day i start college, or maybe, I meet her while walking to a coffee shop, or waiting for an elevator. Maybe, Kira (the girl i still currently love) somehow ends up as my future wife, boy would that be the day :), but I have a feeling that it just wasn't meant to be. I still remember one day, she didn't wake up. Her blood pressure was extremely low, almost to the point where she would have been in a coma. She told me about it after everything happened, and she said that she was fine, but I still cried, I was still just as scared. I'm scared that her current boyfriend won't be there like i would be, I just hope that he takes care of her like I would, if I knew that, I feel like I would be able to move on much easier. Thank you again RuninSouth, for reading my story, and giving me advice. You are a wonderful, wonderful girl, and I hope that you have a fantastic life. I owe you haha, so if you ever want to talk, or if you want some advice, send me a message and I will always be happy to have a chat, and I would always try and give the best advice i know :)
I am very happy I have helped!! :) never give up on love and the future. Good things are to come.
I feel something. For the first time in a very long time, I feel something. It's beautiful, hopeful, and terrifying. There have been so many girls. So many that I've met, gotten to know. Girls that I should've tried to be with. They've been beautiful, interesting, talented and sweet, but none have come close to her. She just left my home and I am sitting here stunned. We've hung out before, plenty of times, but every time it gets harder. Harder, more intimidating, more mindblowing every single time. We're not together, but it honestly doesn't bother me. Maybe we will be eventually, but even if it doesn't pan out, I feel privileged to know her. She is an intrinsically generous, kind, and gorgeous person. And she makes me feel something that I have not felt in far too long. She can make eye contact with me in a loud room full of friends, and my stomach drops every time. I don't know where I'm going with this. I just needed some to know. Anyone. Even if we never see each other again, I will know that she is out there. That's enough for me for now.
It's this thing man, it's called love, enjoy it my man
Lucky...
You know it's crazy, people get their heart broken time and time again and say things like "love hurts", "i never want to be in love again" etc etc, and i've gone through it myself several times but no matter how much pain comes after a relationship ends, i still cannot wait to be in love again, this time with the right person!! 
Love is so powerful and so fucking awesome!
That's beautiful!
You totally speak out of my heart.
I know that feeling.
They say good things are worth waiting for...

I still don't know if it will be worth it, but one thing is for sure, this time of one year has been hell for me. I hate seeing you with another person, I hate not being with you anymore, I hate missing you all the time...

I write this with so much confusion, I don't know if I feel sad, because I believe you feel the same as me sometimes and that calms me... knowing i'm not alone after all... that lost love that was actually never lost, it's still there, we just ignore eachother and pretend we don't feel anything... 

I'd love to talk to you again, only you and me like we used to, no worries of someone else in our way, what the hell happened then...

I still love you so much...

I hope my pain will actually be worth for something, good things come back, right? I'm waiting for you right now...

: (
sigh I feel the same but I think we shouldn't think like this, because if someone has left because they know something better is waiting for them. So if no one give a shit about you, go on.
<3
As the winds started to blow
The ship began to fail
The mast started to hang low
And the ship lost its sail
Than through the darkness I saw a glow
And it hit me like a piercing nail
My heart started to beat slow
It was you, in a long white veil

For my love

Beautiful
Good stuff
Great.
  She was the sky, and I was the boy always looking up. Over time, I came to realize she was more than just that. She was more free than the doves that fluttered, and so clear you could see for miles, yet, sometimes you'd get lost looking.
 When the nights came, I'd never could understand the silence. I told myself that the night sky was for us to know when to sleep.
Though, at times found myself unable to sleep.
I would stare into the night sky, seeing the stars, seeing the moon.
Seeing how beautiful she was. Even at her darkest time of day and all I could think about was... Did she really know how beautiful she was, because i do, I really do.

-Julian au
I like it a lot. You should post more of these
It's not a poem and could use a little patchwork, but it's good.
Feelsbadman, it feels like a poem for unrequitted love, or maybe its just me🤐
I was a newly single mother after a long awful marriage. He sent me a silly question  as a conversation starter  (Which food would you give up forever.. (then listed 3 choices)) I thought that so refreshingly dumb, I HAD to respond. 
We met at a cheap loud bar and I didnt even flirt! He was tall and handsome in a casual humble way, and had a voice with bass like a radio personality. We just chatted. And laughed. And smoked cigarettes and drank beer. It was easy and nice. I kissed him before I got in my car. Wow!
 After a month or two, he met my teenaged son. 
I got to know his family. My heart just melts thinking of all of that... just how love can grow like that! How it isn't just about two people but new friends, and family.. bringing even more relationships that are so precious. It multiplies and magnifies. 
 He amazes me with his decency and kindness. His empathy and compassion for others. His wit and intellect blow me away and I love to listen to him speak on any subject He's so beautiful to me.. even beyond the physical (which is undeniable)
So today as been a year since he found me. I have never been so in love and so grateful to be blessed with it. 

Just needed to share 
I am happy to hear that these kinds of stories exist too. Sincerely, all the best for you guys!
Beautiful :)
I am so happy for you
I spend so long wishing there was a way I could tell you how you've brought me more happiness than words can express. All the clichés, they're true, all those songs and movies are true, it's all real. You're literally my dream come true, I woke up one morning knowing you were the part I was missing. A year and a half ago you said yes to me after seven years of friendship, and made me yours. Every time I think it can't get any better, it does. I thought the world had not much left to show me but you made it new again. I can't wait for all our adventures. I love you fiercely. I never imagined I'd love anyone like this, or that it would be you, but I'm so glad it's you. I want to grasp every moment now because every one of them is infinitely precious now you're with me. You are so strong and caring and patient with me and you've healed all the things inside of me I thought were beyond hope, all that pain I clung to. I thought I was too damaged. You proved me wrong. You never have to doubt that I'm your girl and that I love you because I will spend my last moment on this earth loving you. I've waited my whole life for you without even knowing it, and I'm never letting you go. Every day I hope I can love you better than the day before it, every day I hope I'm a better girlfriend to you and one day, my hope of hopes, a better wife. I will lift you up and I will laugh with you every day and I will always look at you like you're the beginning and the end of my world, because you are, and you have made this world beautiful for me again. 

... But all of this terrifies the absolute feck out of me, so I sit here praying that one day I can not be so utterly scared to say how much I love you. The words carry more weight and emotion than I can bear, and they've never meant so much and yet somehow expressed so little. I guess I'll just have to show it in every way I can instead. 
I'm sitting next to my girlfriend reading this, which made me think about her and look at her and smile.

Her response: "the fuck you looking at"

God I love her
This is beautiful
This is beautiful and a lot of what you are saying is exactly how I feel about my precious girlfriend.
All the best to you!!!  I wish the two of you a lifetime of happiness.
I'm in the same spot right now. I hope you find the strength you need to tell them. Sounds like they're a keeper! :)
Absolutely amazing, I hope I can find someone like you. 
Beautiful :')

Thanks... :)  Have you ever felt like you can't let another minute go by without telling someone how much they mean to you, but at the same time just can't get the words out to them? 
I literally know how this is. You love someone so much you'd do anything for them. All the songs make sense and the poems you understand. 
There is this way you look at me, I know I am the only person that gets this look from you. It's like you are smiling at me with your eyes. You tell me you love me with this look. It makes me the luckiest guy in the world.
very touching. 


That is so cute it makes me want to vomit. What was in the balloons?

This is pretty adorable!
That's fucking adorable. Keep up the good effort on your side :)
Little notes listing the ways I'm loved. Enough to bring a lumberjack to feels. 

Poor Batman

We all go through a lot of ups and downs in our relationships. However keeping faith and holding on is all that matters. It is all about loving and being loved.. on how bad you want to make your relationship bloom..

So here are those 5 golden steps to a happy and a healthy relationship.

1. Communication

couples communicating

Communication is the key to success of every relationship. Make sure you talk to your partner about your daily activities. Make them feel important by involving them in some of those important decisions of your life. Talk to them about all the issues you have with them.

Right amount of communication not only makes your partner feel important but also boosts up the trust factor in your relationship.

 

2. Be dependable.

Couple holding hands in field, looking at horizon

Always give that feeling of belonging to your partner. Stand by them whenever they need you. Take the pains to boost up the trust between you two. When you make promises, make sure you stand by it. Whenever its time to take actions, make sure you deliver!

 

3. Be yourself.

be-yourself

Never pretend! Be yourself. This will always  help your partner to understand you. It will help your partner accept your individuality and appreciate it. Be truthful about yourself. Never feel ashamed to discuss your weaknesses.

 

4. Make your partner feel special.

Always-Make-Your-Spouse-Feel-Special

Take the pains to make your partner feel special. Tell them how good you feel about them and how much you love them. Leave them with short messages saying “I Love You.” Buy them gifts on special occasions. Never ever forget their birthdays!!

 

5. Have fun together.

have fun

Keep your relationship fun. Go for outdoor trips with your partner. Enjoy each other’s company! Always be open to each other’s differences and take the time to explore one another’s passion. Make sure there’s never a dull moment.

 

Having a healthy relationship is really simple but its we who complicate it unnecessarily with expectations, lack of vulnerability and communication. So, keep exercising the fundamentals and your relationship will bloom like you’ve never imagined.

How do you keep your relationship healthy? Share with us in the comments below.
*clapping*
I've got a crush on a waitress I work with so I made her flower pens. Just another fool hopelessly in love.  http://imgur.com/Lxl4kxC
Wow, those look nice.

It's incredible how beautiful someone can be, right?
Minor nit to pic

Pin, to clip on to the shirt, jacket, etc.

not pen, a writing intsrument


Incorrect Sir. They are pens for writing, taking orders and having people sign with. http://imgur.com/ZUml5rv

ahhhh.....

that part was mostly hidden in the original photo
After years and years of countless relationships that always seemed to end awfully, I had given up on the concept of love. It was nothing to me, but a lie that I'd been searching and waiting, and hoping for my entire life. It was basically the same thing as Santa Clause, just something people tell you about to keep your hope up, and to give you purpose, but doesn't actually exist. I had accepted the fact that I was love-less, and since it was not real in my eyes, that's how it was going to stay and I was okay with that. 
I went months, happily living my life without a care in the world about finding my love, soul mate, whatever you want to call it. As lonely as it was, I was determined to be happy. Determined to not care about the opposite sex, and to stay away from relationships and all the hurt that came along with them.
One night, a friend dragged me out of my comfortable bed, and made me go to a party with them. I had an interview in the morning, and didn't want to be out late, so I agree'd as long as we only stayed for a few hours I'd go. 
So we get there, and the first person I see, the very first person I notice at all, before I even walk through the door completely, was the one I'd been searching for. I couldn't help but stare, and almost instantly was caught. They looked right back at me, and I don't know if it was just me, but there was something there right from that first glance. We then proceeded to introduce ourselves, and spend the entire night hanging out. They didn't mind that I decided to not drink and be the DD of the night, and I didn't care that they were getting drunk as a skunk with all our friends. We followed each other around like lost puppies all night long. Man was that an interesting night. Fights broke out, I almost got smashed in the head with a bottle. Windows broken, beer pored all over peoples heads... Let's just say people get really fucking rowdy. Sadly, around six AM, I had to pry myself away and go home to get some sleep for my interview.
The next day I added them on facebook, and waited to see if they'd say something to me. I waited for almost a week for any little conversation started to pop up. I didn't know what was wrong with me, sitting by a computer all day, every day for a week, just waiting. Then finally I gathered up the balls to message them. At first their responses came very slowly, and seemed uninterested, but as a little time went on, they started starting the conversations, and trying to make plans. We'd hang out every once in a while, and this went on for about a month before we spent our first night together. They knew damn well I had feelings for them, so saying yes to crashing at my place was sort of me trying to see if they felt the same.
we cuddled all night, as gay as it might be, and we kissed, and it was absolutely breathe taking. We did nothing more then hold each other, play-wrestle, and laugh. It was such a perfect night. 
The next day was the big day. We started dating, and six months later I'm sitting here writing about it, because that was the best month and half of my life. I'd taught myself to not believe in love, convinced myself I had all I needed. Never once would I have believed you if you were to tell me that I'd fall in love just by one glance. Love at first sight was a myth. Things did not happen that way, until that night. The night I almost missed because of a stupid interview. The night I was close to skipping out on because I was all comfy-cozy in my bed when asked to go. The night that changed my entire outlook on the world. I'm here now, with the person I belong with, happy, and completely content with life. Who would have known one awful party could be looked at in such a wonderful way, all because of one particular person. That person, that was part of a gender that I'd hated. I'd refused to give the time of day. 
I sometimes wonder if I'd still be like how I was, today, if I had not met that person. But it almost pains me to think about a time where they were not in my life. It's always been them, I just never knew it.
[deleted]
Wow lucky both of you! So happy for you.
I think its a strange coincidence that when you made your account, you wrote about feeling emotionless. Now youre full of emotion! Congrats!
I'm the lucky one. They're the best part of my life now. We see each other for at least a couple minutes every day. I work at a small Starbucks in an A&P in our town, and they come to visit me on my breaks, and we spend weekends tangled up in eachothers arms. They're everything I've always wanted, and more.
Well, he.
this will never happen for me.
well I have those days where I feel nothing, and the depression takes over, but thy make me feel again, -as stupid as it sounds, it's the truth- it's never been this strong. It's never been this real, and right. 
Make things anonymous maybe. I believe they is the correct pronoun to use when talking about he/she even if they arnt plural.

I think it's very gentlemen like.
And i love walking like that with women.

And it is not to personal like holding hands.

But is it still ok, or to out-of-date ?

I did this once to a woman, she is now my wife...
You are one classy motherfucker.


Do it.
The healthiest way to proceed with anything you are interested in doing with another person is to ask consent first. Regardless of whether its small like an arm over the shoulder or a more intense like a kiss. Just ask, "would it be alright to (fill in the blank) you?" 

This also doesnt just apply to sexual advances. It can be applied to any facet of life. I was born into a society that assumes too much and i'm actively working to shift that in the culture that I carry forth. I welcome you to join me. Assumptions often lead to conflict. Why continue that pattern?
Yep. And most women eat it up. 

It shows that you've been to a formal event before and won't be embarrassing when they like you enough to go to a friends wedding with you.
Absolutely adorable.
There is no right or wrong on a first date because first dates happen at different times for different couples. It could be a blind date or you could have already confessed your attractions. Or in my case, because of circumstances, I didn't go on a "first date" with my boyfriend until 5 years into our relationship. 
A) It's pretty damn adorable, she'll love it

B) If you feel something like that is right to do, and in the moment then just do it. If she finds it weird and looks down on it then she isn't the girl for you anyway! Find someone you can always be you to your fullest extent around, it's always ok to do what you feel is right, so dive in and find out if she's the girl that's on the same page :)
lol
Do it!
on weekends and holidays and all throughout May
I did. Night worked out fine
Well, offer your elbow, it's classy and if she has no idea what the fuck then no skin off your nose.

i asked her, although i don't wanted to.
It was like "I wonder if its ok ..."

it was emberassing :D
but the rest was very nice
how does that work ? :D
exactly if she refuses she's not worth it. 
I love my girlfriend so much it hurts. We've been together for 2 years now, all of it long distance because we go to separate schools. We've both talked about living together and more but it seems that every semester the distance gets harder. We're both at the point that we're miserable and all I want to do is leave school to go and be with her. Most phone calls end with her crying when we have to say good bye. I know I love her and can see myself spending my life with her but I don't know if I can take two more years of this distance. What to do?
Finish school even if it means an end to the relationship. 
Finish school, love is hard, if anything transfer. But you'll have a harder time the rest of your life if you don't finish. How will you support her when the time comes if you want children? Unless your going for something you can't get a job in later, finish school first. 
Marry that woman, you will never feel that way again.  Honestly, if it's that painful to say goodbye, think how wonderful it would be to never have to again.

If it's meant to be, it will work out.  Good luck. <3
Hold out. Skype. Save money to see her. Don't split up, but don't stop school ever!
You'd be better off putting this in [r/relationships](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships). Good luck!
If it's love, you should be with her. You can always go to a different school! But you can't always find true love.
Marry her, if she cries at the fact that you both have to say goodbye over the phone, you should.
Thing is, stay strong and the moment you're done with college (correct me if I'm wrong), go and move in together. But this is just a suggestion.
r/longdistance may be a better bet than r/relationships.


I hope they use that for their ring pillow at the wedding. So adorbs!
Nope. Have you seen the proposal of portal 2?
Just say anything you want about that one special person. Anything! (well, keep it positive, please?) Pretend this is your best friend and they suddenly never get tired of you blushing over how cute and sweet and nice and charming and etc. the special someone is. Don't fret if something might seem a little hard to understand.

So. I'll start.

The person I have in mind is probably one of the kindest, most considerate person I have ever met, to the point where it's sometimes a weakness. It's pretty easy to take advantage of it, and I admit that even I did. But his kindness really affected me, and I've really wanted to change my ways to become a better person and be kinder to people, too. He's also very sincere and honest; everything he says, I can tell he really means it. And he has this childlike nature at times; he's not afraid to act a little goofy and have a little fun, and it's also a little embarassing but never fails to make people smile. Smiles.. His smiles, I love his smiles. My favourite ones are the ones that he makes for me when he notices me watching him play guitar in a room among our other friends, the ones that no one else notices and makes me feel like in that moment, there is only this connection. Very cheesy, I know.

Anyone else wanna say something?
He's just such a good man! He works hard for everything in his life, never asks for anything and then he feel unbelievably lucky for those things he's worked so hard to get, not seeing that he deserves the world! He's full of love and compassion. His dad is his best friend, i love that, I dunno why, but I do! He's completely oblivious to other women even when they are blatantly hitting on him even in front of me. He's goofy and funny and he's all mine! 
Mine is my middle school sweetheart. We were nerds distracted by our own worlds so badly that we never confessed our feelings to one another until we graduated. 
Hes so sweet, and im so incredibly lucky. My dad thinks hes the son he wishes he had, and his mom feels the same way about me. Were so alike that its unbelievable how differently we were raised. Im the artist, and hes the engineer, together, we are unstoppable. :) two and a half years and counting!!!
It's so hard to put into words... Well, I've never been good with words. Anyway... She's a lot like me, yet so different. There's the comfort of the similarities, and then there's the thrill of the differences. All in a single package. Everything about her leaves me speechless. When I'm talking to her, nothing else matters. It's such an incredible feeling of completeness... She makes me happy, and I'm completely in love with her. I don't know if that made any sense, but oh well.
Oh my goodness :) first off let me say I love this question. And reading everyone else's answers. I have basically a whole blog dedicated to that question. Althought it's very long, I hope some of you take the time to read it ;) because I am so incredibly blessed I just feel like sharing it with the world! The first blog post is basically all the background information of my relationship. The other parts are about 39 love letters from my boyfriend asking me to be his again. :) I hope you enjoy and please comment if you do! 

http://m.savannahkate65.wix.com/photography/apps/blog/love-you-madly 
She's the most talented person I've ever met. Since I'm a musician, I like girls who play instruments or sing. She plays every instrument (bass, guitar, drums, keys) and sings like a goddess. Its amazing to watch and she amazes me every time. She is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my entire life. It's crazy. Like literally, pure perfection when it comes to looks and he voice. She is ALWAYS smiling. She puts a smile on everyone's face. EVERYONE'S. She really makes anything fun just because she is always excited and puts her all into everything and I love that. She is always super encouraging and sweet and adorable. She drives me crazy. Most guys when they think of a girl, they think "holy shit, I wanna tap that!" or something to that affect. When I see her, I can only think "oh my God she's so beautiful, I wish I could just hold her and cuddle with her forever." alas, I'm sure she doesn't feel the same and I'm just lost in this spiral of loving her and her not even noticing....
I love her. I will love her till the day I will die.
She is beautiful   Her smile is innocent. Her eyes are full and bubbly. I love her. When she talks I hang on every word. I love her. She is conservative but yet spontaneous and always up for an adventure. I love her. She always knows what to say, she doesn't even curse. I love her. I just wish she knew. 
I don't even know where to start. He is definitely not perfect, but I can't help but love every single part of him. I am all smiles when we're together. He makes me laugh harder than anyone I've ever met. There has never been a time when he wasn't there for me, and he always knows what to say to make me feel okay. It's as if he has a box stashed away with words that will make me happy and pulls it out when I need him the most. He's studying to be an architect and he's so unbelievably creative. He doesn't realize it how creative and beautiful his mind is, but that makes him work even harder. He continues to amaze me every single day, even after two and a half years. I'm genuinely looking forward to him amazing me for the rest of my life. I just wish that someday I can be as extraordinary as him.
He's honest, kind, humble, and his blue eyes make me melt. I look at him, and I'm home. He boops my nose and tickles me out of my bad moods. He cuddles me better than I ever thought possible...our bodies just fit together perfectly. When I'm sad, he sits me on his lap and we browse /r/aww together. He smells clean and wonderful and he's so sexy without even trying. He's smart and just so intrinsically *good*. I'm so thankful every day that I have this man in my life. I love him and he's what makes me excited to wake up every day. 
My boyfriend is the first man I have ever loved. He understands me inside and out. I honestly am so happy I've met him. He has been such a huge help in my life. He makes me strong women to deal with things. Even though we both live in two different states, we both are still deeply in love with one another. Its been a year since we have been together. Of course we had our ups and downs like everyone but int he end, he makes me smile the biggest smile ever. He makes my heart skip a beat and sometimes on the rare chance, he is the only person who can make me blush. i fee so beautiful in his eyes. He really is my perfect Prince Charming. :] We both use Reddit and we send one another pictures from it all the time lol. I just love every thing about him! from his personality to his body. I might wanna stop here because I could go on and on xD. 
She's where I want to be, but don't know how to get there.  But I want to get there, and when I do, I want to be with her.  She has a girlish, nerdy purity, but a wisdom and maturity about her.  I don't understand how they mesh together in one person.  And I've come to understand all this now, feel all this now, but it may be too late.
Mine is shy..hes sweet and shy yet whenever i see him it always sends so many butterflies in my stomach. I think when i met him, i experianced love at first sight, and getting to know him even more makes me happier that he seems even the more perfect. Hes determined to do the things he wants or needs to do, and even though hes sometimes quiet and shy, he has the most spontaneous moments that are so bold, hilarious, or romantic. Hes so special to me.
The moment she walked in I knew she was here to stay and would play a big part of my life. With her the past 4 years of my life a light was lit under me. I found a sense of direction that I always failed to have. Soon after that I fell deeply in love with her. But like any story nothing is ever perfect and she is happy in love in the arms of another guy. As hard as I want to walk away she is a drug to me. I am the happiest person on earth with her and everything disappears but like any drugs I suffer from withdrawal when away from her. Maybe it was never meant to be or maybe in another life we were made for each other. But only time will tell...

Why not?
I've known him since my sixth grade year, his seventh. We met in band. He was a French Horn, I was a flute. He had long, curly, black hair. He was always so outgoing. Fun. Easy to be yourself around because you know he isn't anything less than himself.  He doesn't pretend. I always thought he was the bees knees.
Fast forward a couple years. He hasn't changed a bit. He's loud, and energetic, but also sweet, caring, protective, hard working, determined, always knows what to say to put a smile on my face and on my heart, even though he can do that without a word, and he's never anything less than the perfect gentleman. He's amazing. He makes my chest feel light, like all of my worries have vanished into the air. We can have the most beautiful time together without saying a word. I can trust him with anything. He's always making me smile. His smile. Oh god his smile. And his voice..
He's leaving for college this summer. I'll miss him, probably more than I realize. I might be joining him next year, who knows. Spending the rest of my years with him wouldn't be too shabby either. I know I'd be in good hands. <3

TL;DR I love him.  
He is the light of my life. He's beautiful inside and out. I can tell him anything and he can tell me anything. He is selfless and puts up with my moodiness. He plays guitar, has hair I could play with for hours, and an insane laugh. He doesn't really laugh hard at much , but when he does it's wild and hilarious.
She is perfect for me in everyway. We laugh at the same jokes and love the same shows. We don't even finish each others sentences. Even though we fight sometimes and we can feel like our relationship is about to end, She is my everything. I cannot picture a day of my life without her. Even when we are away from each other for an extended period of time I have withdrawals and so does she. We have been dating for 2years and I cannot think of a better person to make my wife and spend the rest of my life with. She is what gives me drive everyday to excel at my job. Some days I don't eat just to make sure that she will have and I have caught her giving up essential things for me. Since we have come together we are only two halves of the same person. My only wish is that she knows how much I truly do love her because I feel that I could spend the rest of my life trying, but never be able to show her the depth of my adoration. If you are reading this you are my life BA!
My Lovely One is always there for me, accepts me and takes care of me even when it's hard for him. I've never known someone that stable, that selfless. I try my best to do the same, and put aside my own feelings when it's needed, for him.

He doesn't always agree with me, but he listens and he understands.
The person in mind is the sweetest person i have ever met. He is smart, funny, knows how to make me feel special, and is someone i can count on to make the ends of the world meet when i feel alone... He is the love of my life, and i thank god everyday for sending such an amazing person to me... Hes my knight in shining armour! I truly hope that the love he has for me is never ending, because i do not know what id do without him if he ever left. Within the 3 1/2 years we've been together hes kept me like a princess, and i live him for that, and for making me feel like i deserve every little bit... He can be a baby, he can be a man, he can act like a hormone raging teenager, and to be honest, I LOVE EVERY BIT! Hes my everything. Truly.
Sacrifices herself for the happiness of others, has optimism that never dies out even when she has obstacles. Grateful for what she receives, and never abuses what she receives
One person comes to mind. We will call her E. She understands me and relates to me, but she won't go out with me. I think about her every day (even before my ex left me for another guy). The way E walks, the way E talks, the way she smiles... everything about her makes me happy. I tell her that she is so beautiful all the time, but she never believes me. There have been times when I say her name in my sleep. (Pathetic right?) I think I love this girl, and have ever since I talked to her the first time. If I could have anything or anybody, it would be her no question 
she never speaks much in classes, her hair is golden'ish and her laughing is fantastic. she always listens wholeheartedly at what you have to say, and she works hard to be friends with everyone. i love her. but she doesn't love me back
lucky

"I don't think it's overrated. I think in retrospect you probably see it differently. But at the time it is everything to you. It is the greatest feeling in the world. I think it's only when you look back on things that you think maybe they were not as real as you believed or weren't as significant. People get married when they're 18 and spend their whole lives together. I think their greatest fear is that someone will see it as a fling because they were young and it didn't mean anything." - Carey Mulligan

awww i wish this made it to the front page ^_^ it's so epic! (oh and cute)
Anyone else notice the "Forever Alone" page that his friend was shuffling through?
And even though they're cautious and protective and even seem cruel sometimes, their sweet moments and smiles are reminders that I would probably need to be with you always and that's what scares me. See you either in our future or at least in my dreams...crazy thoughts keep you alive sometimes you know? I wish I was the type to look past all the superficialities and believingly assume that you are definitely not looking for someone as young and immature and even rude and invasive as me, but I can't help but have a giant, concrete reminder of the weight that was put on my shoulders that is truly what gives my life meaning in terms of survival. I can't stop, I see your name everywhere, you just seem perfect and my body/mind just wants to envelop and relax to all the pain and mental beatdowns that you'd potentially give me...the fear, the inability to keep my mouth shut, they're all things that can cause me to be buried dead in a ditch somewhere, but the physics of how incorrectly you may be making these punk-angels fly into glory is what keeps me wondering about you...are you evil, are you just supremely good and loyal, why is my id searching for YOU in particular? Is the fact that children would be involved an accessory to my boredom yet an addition to the hell under which I dwell? Why do I worry that you will be hurt need me one day? Why can't I may this stop especially since I know nothing at all about you and whatever you and me are is nothing because it's a one-way street coming from only me, you've long forgotten of my existence since the day I decided to prove to myself that I was wasting my time, and that it's purely physical and nothing but? Is it because we both went through the same quality of abuse but in ways massively improbable to our biological symmetries to be explained by a religion which advocates matrimony and linear customs? Why in the hell am I telling the sun with each passing day that I need to see you naked in the buff? Lawl. I want you to need me all the time, I want you to feel like you can be the owner of my live flesh and you can do whatever you want with me because only you have the right to completely know my body and it's all just so confusing and vulgar and I feel...naked and embarrassed and years have gone by and I still think about how much differently I masturbated, naturally, with each day I interacted with you. I didn't know my legs could really produce such friction, it's adolescence in its rawest shape! I tell myself no, I'll meet someone who I told myself before I met you is more my type, the darker hair version with the nonsense porcelain skin shut I made up to keep my mind creative and pure, but no, I have to meet you...even better than what my mind built up, even stronger than anything I ever knew was capable of sinking my heart with an anvil of no escape? What is happening to me? I just want to be able to smoke it all away, tell myself that I never met you, but I can't. I feel like you are made for me. There are days when I am afraid other women feel the same way, that you may just be creating a dynasty of sorts, a dragon machiavellian grand master of the pushy which had been entranced and hypnotised by your charm. But then I remember that it can't quite possibly be so, because you're a struggling immigrant with a family that you love, just like my dad is. Did my mind suddenly make you my god? Do I need to swallow a psychedelic on my own in order to feel renewed and balanced in my approach to crushes? Why am I here, questioning whether I should even move on my own like I had wanted to just in case we would ever randomly meet by chance? Why did you make it clear to me, yet I have to challenge it? Why did I have to let those angel eyes penetrate me? I swear, every day the image of your face gives my body breath, femininity, the optimism to be healthy and my most authentic self and I just keep wanting you you you why you? I want to crush on other men but looking at them is like looking at a sort of short, narrow wall that makes me want to fall asleep out of boredom. To be able to stare into your eyes every day I don't need anything else in life, I don't want anything bad to ever happen to you. I know I don't know you but I just love you and it's crazy foolish to feel this way toward someone who...how would I even know? But I know that the things we do have in common unleashed a supernatural experience for me when you introduced yourself to me, and you simply shined, you glowed, and it didn't want to go away and whatever is out there is keeping me from seeing it as anything less than proof of magnetism and perfection, if the universe would allow it. What have I done. I silently scream myself into a slumber of this infinite deception. I fear love. I wish i could go back and cry into your arms with the truth of my hurt, but you are a taken man. If there is a way for you to find out about this here right now and my writing about you, then do not be fazed by your initial thoughts before this writing. I wouldn't want you to fall in love with me in the process of my confession, it would deter from the intention. If you felt the spark I did I would wish for it to last but if you didn't then this must be a tragedy for if I cannot wish then I cannot be. You are not with me and I long for you to steal my soul again so I can stare into the mist of your presence how I desire you is a selfish act of a young woman's incapacity to consider the consequences yet I do and even that doesn't stop me because I need to love your flesh with every bit of attention I can give you. Deny me, I drink water and see your knowing. I am flushed and thrilled at that which doesn't even suffice for reality. I am tortured by you with each passing brainwave and my heart skips at your distant movement, incised at my spinal cord meetings I need you! 
Sometimes, in the middle of the night, I look at her lying next to me and I can't believe it. It's in these moments I realise how lucky I really am, I feel small beside her. She is the beginning, the middle and the end of a book I never want to put down. She is worth a million of me, just breathing the same air as her makes me better. I will always try to communicate how much she means to me, but how do you tell the sun you are grateful for its light and warmth?
I know this feeling you describe. I feel it too for my woman.

You can love the sun by enjoying it's warmth and spend its energy in a loving and meaningful way. Through the sun you give your gift to the world. That is how you give back to the sun.

In other words: you can show your woman how much she means to you and how much you love her by your actions. Love her fully by giving your gift of security, adventure, financial stability or whatever form you feel like you can be there for her. Follow your dreams and your passion and let her join you on your travel. She is not something to keep for yourself forever, she is her own person. But she will choose to be with you when you fully give your gift. 

Keep enjoying her radiance. Fully embrace her love and let her fill you with warmth. Just like the sun energizes you and the world with every sunbeam.
Please and thank you. <3
Been married for 12 years, It's still the same as our first day together. Still full of love and craziness. Just make sure you don't lose yourself in the process. Always remember the kind of person he or she fell in love with.
I haven't been married, but have been with my partner for 11 years. It hasn't been easy but we met young and I think most of our problems were due to us needing to grow up and learn to love properly. Sometimes I wonder if I'd be happier with someone new, someone I didn't have baggage with. But, all relationships sccumulate baggage over time. We have a stable friendship with each other, and in our case our love has grown as we have learned more about each other. It's been a tough journey learning to balance your own needs with theirs and to have certain boundaries about behaviors you will and won't accept. At the end of the day I know him inside and out, we have lots of fun together, I find him attractive, I trust him. And we have fun. So, that's why I still love him, in spite of the things that drive me nuts. 
Every past breakup, tear shed, broken promise I'll never regret because the path brought me straight to you. Your nothing that I wanted, but everything that I needed. You are simply amazing. 
Awww thanks, I love you too! *muah*
The object of your affection is one lucky person. I hope they know,  and I wish your lives grow rich together everyday only geting better. Too you and yours.
I love this! It's so true, i'm in the same situation too :)
He's the love of my life 
Agreed! But Isn't he every girls love of their life.. :) well every one that like him that is..
HA, I had a feeling that you were gonna say that. It's one of those things that gets thrown around so much it loses its meeting. Maybe he is every girls love of there life, but I'm not a girl I'm a women. :P I think a lot of people lie to themselves because they want it so badly, you know? 
True. Well then, here is to u & may u unit and find love with JM :) 



Part of a social media valentines series: http://istrategylabs.com/2014/02/from-scribbled-notes-to-facebook-posts-valentines-day-2-0/

Judging by the way the icing is running and the cake, you probably just didn't let the cake cool long enough before icing it. Still looks delicious though, and it was a sweet gesture! 

Why doesn't this have a ton of up votes???!! As a hopeless romantic, this was over the top. Whoa. Great work to all! He couldn't have done it so epically without the entire cast & crew. Very cool & very nice. Yep, kinda ridiculous how high that bar is, lol. Kristin's lucky. Wishing them both the best of love & luck, and reciprocity! =]
Brock - it just dawned on me; you did this??!!  You've gotta be a pro. If not, you should be! Thanks for sharing. I also rarely watch any videos on Reddit, don't know what possessed me, but glad I did. =)
It was AMAZING. I wish them both their happy ever after.

EDIT: I never watch 6 minute youtube videos on a post but this got me hooked.



no they're all cookies for me
I think it can be like this - a LOT of the time, actually - and when it is, it's time to quickly move on. That much shit is hard to clean off. There's always the fear that worse shit will come with the next button, but you gotta try it anyway.
This sounds more like marriage than love to me. 
Deep

I feel like these are/should be song lyrics
write it:)

On my anniversary :D
How do you keep picking the cutest sub-reddits? :d
Woohoo! 
It's that time of the year. 
Sorry, don't mean to brag.  But she stalks me here occasionally and I just wanted to leave her something for the next time she does.

Baby, you're the greatest thing that ever happened to me.  Nothing in my life would be as good it is without the confidence and serenity that being with you gives.  You make me better every day.

I know you've struggled and worked, but I promise.  I'll pay back any work you do for me only double.  All the dedication you've put into us, will be put back into you.  Nothing could stop me from feeling this way.

I love you.
Fuck yeah, this is totally about me!
This is really sweet :)
Yea she's over at my house now and thinks this is really sweet.
Give her one for me buddy.

Hi! I am putting together a podcast / experimental radio segment exploring different people’s experiences with relationships and love. I am looking for all types of FIRST PERSON stories and experiences — platonic, romantic, aromantic, amorous, familial, filial, sexual, queer, straight, monogamous, polyamorous… the list could go on! Mostly, I am just looking for personal experiences that you would like to share. If you have any voice mails, voice notes, musical clips or audio clips that you think discuss love or relationships, please send them to strippd.down @ gmail 

*The audio can be of almost anything, including someone contacting you over voicemail, a voice note that you’ve left yourself, or a recording of a conversation between several people. This could also take the form of a short musical recording (even 20 seconds!) that is somehow related to love (if it is the emotion you are feeling/ evoking while playing, an excerpt that you love to play, an excerpt that you play for a loved one...etc).
**If you have a text or note that you have written or someone has sent to you, please feel free to make a recording.**
We are looking for recordings that express all types of emotions related to love and relationships, positive or negative, so if you have something that you think is relevant, it probably is! Everything will be completely anonymous and all materials will be sent to you for approval before release.*

If you have any questions feel free to inbox me! All of the audio will be anonymous, and it is to be released on a personal band-camp page (non-for profit). Thanks so much!
Is it true of the saying "out of sight out of mind"?could a girl moved on if there's no communication with a partner?
While having a conversation with my friend he told me, "we sometimes meet the right person at the wrong time." But, does that mean I should wait? When all of me believes that this is the right person? Or... Is this one of the many right people for me? What is everyone's interpretations? 
I interpret "the one" the same way i interpret Santa Clause. "The one" is not a person they are an idea, or ideology. I believe that we have the capacity to fall in love with people, whether it be romantically or not, infinitely. Back to my interpretation, as a child I of course thought that Santa was a man that came by and dropped off presents. After discovering he is not a real person i simply dropped the belief, but recently I formed a new belief. Santa is real. But he isn't a man he's the embodiment of the idea of human kindness and gifting. Just like "the one" whom we seemingly believe to be a set person in our lives, can be anyone. So when we miss our chance at who we perceive to be "the one" we feel lost. Although it may seem impossible I can confidently say that there's always going to be someone to be "the one" because when we missed "the one" we've developed a new understanding and expectation of who "the one" is and will be. That's not to say that you'll find a new "one" to replace your current lover because when you do finally settle for "the one" you've found a new path is taken and your perception of love evolves and matures. So yes "the one" is real but they are not a set person.

Tldr: "the one" isn't one person. Can be anyone

I have experienced this. I think if you wait, you form unreasonable expectations and hopes of the person and what and when things should happen. Really if its not the right time, as hard as it is, you have to relinquish control of the situation. Accept that it doesn't work now, it might not work in the future but its out of your control. And unfortunately, you have to live your life without them in the mean time.
There is. When you know...


...you know. 

As far as the one? A very didn't believe it until seen experience. 

I was thinking the other day most people don't come across it or contain the ability to convey that close of a connection. Neither bad or good. Whatever your heart beats to that you live by. 
[deleted]
There isn't "one" nobody is unique 
There's meant to be around 7 million people just like you spread throughout the world, however getting to meet one of them is unlikely. Some people are lucky and do get to meet one of them and it seems like they're "the one" but it doesn't always end well and you just gotta remember there 7 million more out there but your probably better off with someone that's not one of the 7 million you fit in to intact your better off finding someone with whom you do have things in common with but it's the things you don't have that make your really click.
Such as small things like you may be quite but like to listen and they talk a lot.

I thought I found "the one" (mostly like me, but things we didn't have in common made us click more) a few months ago but not everything works out, you just remember if they were the one, they will be back and if not you just try to find another. But don't waste your time waiting.
If you meet the right person at the wrong time they should still be there when it's the right time if not they weren't the right person.
I'm also interested. I seem to be stuck.
We all develop and lose relationships in life, whether those relationships involve friends or lovers. And the most important thing one can realize is whether or not these relationships bring one joy or sorrow. 

I feel like it's rare to find people who bring you so much pure joy in life that you can genuinely say you love them. A lot of people throw around the word love and how to know when you have it and when is the right time to say it, but if you have to wait and analyze when is the right time to say "I love you", maybe you aren't really letting your heart guide you.

I've realized that in every relationship I've had, all the burned bridges and the ex girlfriends, I've never regretted admitting my love, because that was love in the moment, and love can't be planned, and even if the person you said you loved leaves you and breaks your heart, the idea that at one point they brought you enough joy for you to even develop such a feeling is absolutely incredible.

Anyway, I'm sure this all sounds like some cliche hopeless romantic spiel, but I've decided that I'm going to stop analyzing love and just let it flow. Love shouldn't be treated like some mysterious phenomena that has to be studied. 
Proclaiming love out loud is in the moment keeping it hidden and tearing you apart inside is the mystifier of genuine flora isn't it
It does.
If home is where the heart is, then my home is a prison.
This is my story, a story of which I cannot escape unless you read it: 

I thank you first and foremost, you are the reason I can be free!
Because of you, I've found myself, I'm no longer trapped in my mind! What a wonderful life this is, absolute bliss!
I cannot imagine a better life, not even heaven compares!

I gave her my heart, you see, it seemed like heaven, more than that even...
It seemed as though time was slower, as though it were forever.
She never gave me her heart though, I should've seen this more clearly, but through rose colored glasses... blood is still red.
She was tearing me apart, tearing and breaking my heart.
Finally, when it was over, she took the biggest piece of me, and I suddenly felt the fires of hell.
I cried out to God, but he didn't seem to answer.
I thought to myself, was I wrong to give my heart away? All is not lost, only a large part of it is gone... can I make another out of this?
So I looked into my mind, it was all I had left physically, other than my body.

I found myself wandering the depths of my mind, I came to find out I could release myself from my body...
Now, I tried to do this, I genuinely tried to free myself of myself, but this meant giving away my soul, and I had learned not to give something that valuable away so easily.
So every time I tried, I failed.
I tried to dream worlds, I tried to create something more to life, I couldn't do it!
I became angry with the people around me, blaming them for what had happened to me.
I began to have wars in my mind, constant struggles with my own feelings, holding them in, it began to eat away at me.

Then...
I ignored all of it.
I gave up on it.
I worked on the pieces of my heart, and I made a new one, although it was smaller.
Soon after this I met someone, She took a liking to me and I to her as well.
I began to think about her a lot.
I didnt give her the heart I made, but I gave her my mind. 
You'd think I'd have learned from giving my heart away that it'd be a bad idea, but it was more than two weeks, and I didnt give it to her all at once, It was over time.
I didnt realize what I'd been doing...
I began to make stories in my head, some unrealistic and some more real than they seem.
I made a story of us two saving the world, she loved it, she wanted to do it.
She wanted to bring the world back to life.
To revive it's pulse.

I could hear it's heart, as though it was screaming for a savior.
Little did I know, she was dying...
She was dying, and I had no heart to give her, mine was too small.
She had to leave, and I forgot she had my thoughts, my mind.
She left and I realized later... I lost my mind.
I didnt know how to get it back either, I tried to find her, but it was too late.
It was hopeless, I was just a body with a little heart, and a hopeless soul.
I had the strength to go into the workforce, do I did.
It seems like time takes forever now, I can still feel the other part of my heart sometimes.
I also think about her occasionally, but it isnt clear memories, they're very vague now. 
I'm trapped here, in my home, nowhere to go, nowhere to turn, no one to love.
It's hard to be here, and it's hard to do anything... they say "put your heart into it!" or "Think about it!", it seems like mockery.
If only they knew the truth, that I am dying here.
They say "Have faith."
Yet they have none.
They say "God loves you!"
So why do I have no love? Why do you hate so bitterly too?

I was going to save the world with her by my side.
But she died.
We were going to be in heaven forever, but she stole my heart.

Someone else came onto the scene, I absolutely adored her and still do, but I cant make a home, I'm trapped in this one.
How could she love me?
She lost so much, I said I did too, but it made her angry, she didnt know what happened. She thought I was lying.
I tried to give her my heart, but she refused it... maybe I'm lucky, maybe it would've killed me to give her this small heart.
But what man wouldn't rather die free than die a slave?
FREE ME, I beg you.
You are my hope at freedom.
It's what I longed for.
Home is my prison, for my heart is stolen and locked away. You are the key.

I'm in love with you. I guess I've always known. Every guy I date or even talk to is always compared, at least in my head, to you. I pray for us to end up together. Always. A text from you makes me smile and warms me from the inside, despite the fact that you're a lousy texter. I mean, come on.  Getting even an 'lol' from you is like Leonardo di Caprio winning an Oscar. 

That aside, I think it truly hit me, how hard I had fallen for you, when I saw you talking to and interacting with my family. The way you guys laughed together, the way you hugged my baby sister, the drink you had with dad. 

I remember last new years eve, when you and I got out of the house to go up to dad's party and his friends stopped us to talk to me: the way you stood behind me, letting me have my moment and waiting patiently for me to finish. The way you kept an eye on me through the night, not getting mad at me for spending more time with the other guests, none of whom you knew, than with you. The way you smiled at me like an idiot when you had one too many drinks, the one that I fixed you even after you had turned down a drink from everyone who had offered you one before me. I'll never forget the text you sent me that night after you left. I asked you to text me as soon as you reached home safe. And you replied that you loved me. 

I will never forget our first kiss a couple of weeks later, in the corridors of the city's most posh nightclub. We were so drunk that night, the bass was thumping through our bodies, the music loud enough to rattle our brains: the perfect setting for a full blown, alcohol fueled make out session. But that wasn't what happened. Instead, we shared the most chaste kiss I've ever experienced. And no, I'm not counting the one in your car on the way there because both of us were to shocked to realize we even did that.

Speaking of the car, you singing that horrible, albeit romantic,  Tamil song to me, in my ear will be be most beautiful memory I can possibly hope to have. Or the times we spent driving around the neighborhood aimlessly joking about our "inevitable" marriage and how you'd have to put all my potential boyfriends up until then on a leash. 

I'll never forget the time I drunk called you in the dead of the night, 2.30a.m. no less, on the last day of my third semester in law school. I told you to come pick me up the next morning, which would mean you had to drive 350kms, all alone, in the rain, well past midnight. And you did. Seeing you pull up into the hostel driveway first thing in the morning was probably the moment I realised I wanted to be with you, no matter what. I still remember you saying you'd call me back, and then follow through on that promise. All you said was I'm on my way, get some sleep. Do you know how special I felt that morning: there were disgruntled parents and drivers waiting for their kids to haul ass out of their rooms in the hostel, and I had you, my hot, tall, muscular you,  waiting patiently for me to finish packing. Oh those looks we got from the others! Priceless. You drove 700kms for me. Overnight and then the morning. I love you so much more for that. 

I love that your mum called me when we were sitting at the coffee shop late one night and your phone had died. I love that you and I share so many memories together. The times we've spent walking around the neighborhood just goofing around. Bunking college to meet up and chill. I watched Man of Steel the other day, and didn't remember one scene of the movie. Probably because I was too caught up with you sitting next to me to pay attention to it the first time around. 

I will never forget the time you came to see me just because my friends were drunk and I was the sober bored one. And you ended up paying part of the bill and even chaperoning their drunk asses home, for me. They're your friends, and that's all that matters, you said. I'd have married you right that day if I had the chance. 

And then, things changed. We both met other people. You, by your own admission, hated him, and I kinda hate her a wee bit. Life got in the way. We haven't been able to see each other as much as I would have wished. Now I see you with her and it tears my world apart. I never understood what love was really like, but I felt it for the first time looking in your eyes. And now your hearts been taken and I can't do anything about it. What hurts the most is knowing that it could have been us.

I guess what I'm trying to say is, no matter what happens, no matter who we end up with, no matter where our lives take us, I loved you, I love you, I will always love you. And I pray that one day, some day, we can have a shot at this. Together. 
Holy shit the feelings in my chest.

Thank you for sharing, so many comparisons to my own life but this is just epic. Thank you thank you
Not really into reading long posts but I gave this one a shot and wow! I hope things work out. 
Wow! I hope that you guys did each other again. But I not, you will always have such fond memories when you were together. Hold on to those. Best wishes. 
Same situation. I hope I end up with her again someday. Good luck to you too! 
Thank you for the comment! Means a lot. 
Hahaa thank you :) I hope things work out too. Fingers crossed! 
Thanks! I hope it all works out eventually. But you never know. Que serra serra eh! 
All we have is hope. Good luck! :D
I just needed to tell someone. It's overflowing and I'm afraid to express it to him all the time but he knows. I love love. 
Why are you afraid to always express it? Just tell him you want him to say if you're being too clingy or loving. Make him promise he'll tell you. And after that, go for it! He may really like it. :)
Enjoy the feeling, act without expectation - give lots of smiles, try to initiate contact and be patient
I know it! I'm in the same situation, I just don't know how to tell him what I feel, Idk how to create or push the perfect moment because I don't either want to seem like a freak.
Love is a verb. If you love him, he knows. 
He doesnt love me back. He's told me. But I don't mind at this point. He either will or he won't and I'm just gonna focus on the now :)
Yeah, that's the spirit! It's not always meant to be, so it's good to hear that you're able to accept that. Don't stress it and things will turn out well.
You said you want to just be friends. 
I love you.

Well, I mean, maybe we should get to know own each other first?
im flattered

Great story. My disbelief poked its head round the corner and said "Yo! Too far!"when he mentioned the smoke over Hanoi.

Don't bombing sorties fly too high to smell any smoke?
That was lovely. Poor guy has lived more life than 99.999% of us will ever even be able to imagine.

Thanks. My gf says I'm pretty too. 
You're pretty. :)

Things like this make me very happy c:

Particularly because I feel sometimes it takes time to find a match...
Me too :) I love this one. I like that they found someone who wasnt quite a match either, sometimes it seems close.
My biggest fear ending my life alone, and little comics such as this make me much more hopeful. Despite my position in life. 

Thanks for posting this! <3

On a joint Twitter account. We post the catalyst of the fight only--not the actual subject matter or the content or the results of the argument.

In a lot of ways, it's helped us to be able to be more open about our issues, knowing that any problems we have will get talked through to resolution. Then, we get to sit down and figure out how to word what we need to post--so we get the added victory of spending some time working on something together immediately after a disagreement. It's also proven to us how silly a lot of our fights really are, and has really brought us closer together as a couple too (which I didn't think was possible before we even decided to do this).

*edit* here's the Twitter if anyone is interested https://twitter.com/wefoughtabout
How old are you guys? I am asking this in all seriousness not as an asshole
These cracked me up. I freaking hate when my boyfriend knows I texted and I see him active and commenting on facebook! Love it. Makes me feel like I'm not a total freak, seeing similar arguments.
Wow.  That's actually an interesting idea.  Essentially you have tons of third party opinions to give you perspective! Often times we assume our way is the right way... and so does our partner.  This might actually do some good.  Think it's smart that you only post the catalyst!
I really like this idea. I can see how it helps put things into perspective and I like to see that both of you equally get angry at eachother and not one more than the other. It means you guys are a good couple! 


I subbed. Excited to get more entertainment from your fighting!
We are both 24... sometimes it feels like one or both of us is five. Or fifty five.
Haha sometimes I think it's become TOO easy to keep tabs on each other.
It is also interesting to divorce context from the fight... I am often surprised at how many of our arguments are actually about things that aren't related to the catalyst at all.

Financé? Is the a combo of fiancé and financial advisor?
aww sweet. what a lovely couple.
Oh shit! That's actually a pretty accurate typo.

Why? / What is happening there?
This style of art/comics always melts my heart ;)

This is absolutely wonderful. Thanks for sharing! 

I DON'T LIKE HIS HAIR
He seems to like you as well.  You're an attractive couple, but wow, you are seriously pretty.  That's totally not what you were even asking.  But, I thought I should let you know that, before I sounded like a jerk, and asked if you both only grow hair on the left side of your head, and that's why you both have comb-overs.  :P
I'm kidding.  17 months?  You've just started to look alike. :)
I love you  :)  <3
Haha, thanks for the compliment :) you didn't sound like a jerk, the comb-over bit made me laugh. I believe before we met our fringes went the same way but we have started to look more and more alike



he's doing it right
yes he is doing it very right. it looks like he is a very good husband. excellent in bed, charming, intelligent, and athletic are probably just a few attributes that make him an excellent husband. 
I feel like a bubble floating in a ocean of loneliness
You are not the only one. Have a hug!
I'm right there with you. A bunch of lonely bubbles in a sea of tears.
After 4 years I feel butterflies n nervousness about a girl. She likes Me and she's out of my league , going on movies n dinner tomorrow.. its 6am lol 
I miss you to.
How does one fall for a person thats been in your life for 2 months... I've been dating her for a month now... Best month I've ever had since I could remember. I seriously feel like I love her . It's hard to say cause I don't wanna feel like that and be vulnarable to her. She's an amazing person that makes my life feel it has a purpose ...  But does she love me? I've suggested and she nods like if she does. But We have never said it. It's tearing me up inside . I can't sleep I think . I can't breath. Wtf is wrong with me.. 
Love, love will tear us apart, again
Thx a bunch I really needed to read/hear that...
amen to that brother
Here, this might make you feel better:

Liked a girl  
                                                                                           
She liked me

Asked her out

She said yes

Her friend asked her out

She said yes (So as not to hurt his feelings, apparently)

Waited for the girl

Love the girl

She loves me

Love the girl

Wait

Love

Wait

Love

Wait

Girl says Bf will probably break-up with her soon

He hasn't

She stops loving me

I still love her

Still loving her...

Still loving her...

She says I should have asked her out sooner.

She starts to really like friend

Friend in love with his ex-gf

Still love her. 

Still waiting.

[deleted]
Some times waiting is the hardest thing to do...
There's a lot of girls.  Go find them.
I've been waiting for almost 2 weeks... I'm going to go drop by her place this weekend as me and her have already discussed this before the breakup. We may or may not get back together hopefully all goes well this weekend.

Thanks to you all

w3rd. And let time be no obstacle. 
Only one of them are her. 
I work with the public and are consitinly talking with women... Nothing can compare
That's all really. Other than the death of a loved one, I can't think of any greater pain than unrequited love. I've unfortunately felt this pain too many times to count. 
I can only imagine how cynical you must feel after being in such torment time after time. I've loved and lost only once and three years on I'm still wary of every female I feel myself getting close to. 

Good luck with love and life.
[deleted]
I prefer unrequited love to the frustration of a love gone sour. At least it can live in your head in a perfect way rather than watching a slow-motion explosion take out your heart.
Yeah I am. I try not to be and I always give the next guy the opportunity to not fuck it up, but it always happens. So with each experience my faith is shaken just a little bit more.
Yeah I am. I try not to be abs I always give the n
Wow, sorry to hear that. Sounds like she's the one who lost out.
I see your point. I go back and forth between which one is worse since I've been in both situations as well.
Holy Christ.  I have tried to submit this numerous times to only end up with a big block of text without paragraphs or the font changing in the middle of the post.  Google has shown me how to fix all that now.

   Hey guys I was thinking some of you might be interested to read something I wrote about love.  Fair warning, it is long (15pages).  It started off as just a response to someone I care about after they said my feelings for them were just a phase.  Then it evolved into essentially the autobiography of my love life starting in the first grade and going until the present (I'm 30 years old.)

   The jist of it all is how I learned the difference between love and lust, for me personally at least, through life's many experiences and  taking a deep honest look at who I really am.  Questioning every trait that comprised the core/foundation of the image I had for myself and who I was.  Finding the errors in what I believed, which only lead deeper into discovering all the subtle ways those errors reached further than could be imagined.

   It all has left me with the conclusion that lust effects how people feel towards others substantially more than we give it credit.  Leaving me with the opinion, that possibly, as many as 9 out of 10 (hell it's probably more helpful to give a percentage to break it down further.  98- 99% is my gut opinion) of relationships are actually lust masquerading as love.

   That's an insanely high percentage I know but it's what my anecdotal evidence gathered from twoish decades of experience have lead me to believe and the last decade has been spent with the subject being the highest in priority to understand.  I do not think that many people spend their 20s focused on the concept so it makes it feel that my opinion is somewhat unique.

   It's worth mentioning I believe some portion of that 98%, given time, effort, humility, compromise, etc, can evolve into actual love.  I really have no guess as to how much of that 98% can eventually manifest beyond lust.  Though gun to my head I would guess about half because life loves balance but I have no idea.

   The names and locations have been changed.  Here's a link for it.  Discussion on the subject of love is intriguing to me so any thoughts or opinions are welcome.

https://justpaste.it/10ckg
Hey man, I'm currently 26 and still learning the stuff you learned and probably are still learning to this day, I have learned to start dealing with my own lifelong insecurities and how Love is more than an appearance , yet  I struggle with this, none the less I'm taking mental notes throughout my journey

I hope to one day find the girl that I paint in my thoughts, most of all I want to fall in love with her soul instead of her body but this is still hard for me as looks take first priority when I meet someone.

You wrote a great piece and I thank you for it, I hope many will get to read this.

Goodluck brother
I'm fairly certain the bulk of my past experiences (that included a sexual component) have been lust based (and a few earlier ones I would also extend to include a friendship base). People claim they want love, but I have a feeling they want to be wanted; lusted after. Love is supposed to be light. People say love can be painful, jealous, aggressive, but no, that's just pain, jealousy, and aggression. I don't know much about love, but I do think it should make us feel light, and that is the opposite of what I've felt if I reflect upon my past as a whole, and thus has led me to a place where I've been forced to review my inner workings.
Cant access the link...would have liked to have your take on it...
"Paint in my thoughts"  that's a great way to put it.  Instead of instant feelings when you see them, your brain spends a few seconds remembering what you've learned about them and then experiences how you feel towards them.

Edit:  apologies for late response.  Couldn't see any comments until yesterday.
I agree.  Lust is all consuming and never leaves you time for anything else. Where as love seems to come with the choice of feeling those extreme emotions or setting them aside while you live your life.

Edit:  apologies for late response.  Couldn't see any comments until yesterday.
So..

Five years ago I would have told you that love is bull crap and stuff. Thee years I would havr told you that love was the greatest thing in the world. Two years ago I would have told you love is nothing but pain and agony. A year ago I would have told you love is a ghost.

Today, I tell you, beg you to cherish every last drop of love you can ever find. Burn it in your memory and wear it like the armor it is. Let it be the force that drives you to be better. Most of all, love yourself,  no one will ever love you like you love yourself. Your awesome, I promise.

And when you loose love remember that it is no loss at all, for it is better to love and lost than never loved at all. That when love leaves this world(like we all will) that the best way to honor them is to be as strong as you can. If you can't fight for yourself, then fight to keep their memory alive.

That love comes with responsibility, what will be for you to decide. Love your worst enemy, because you can't truley understand someone until you've loved them. 

If you haven't found love, be patient, be kind, and always ask questions. 

Love & Peace friends.
Sounds like you've found inner peace. Really inspirational.
Thank you so much for these words... Well said!
Peace. And thank you


Seem to be good brose
Hopefully it means they're deep in sweet dreams.
I love this. So sweet and so true. 

I should tell this to my SO - usually I get a nudge! I do however have a chuckle when I hear her let rip in her sleep!
Glad to have resonated with you :)
It's adorable isn't it?!

Agreed. I've always thought about this, it's what love really is about, deeper than infatuation and the butterflies in your stomach. Reasons why I'm absolutely trying to improve and love myself as a person so I can be the pillar my SO can stand on. Holding her higher than me. In time.


I think it's pretty freakin' sweet!
I did the gravure by myself, we will mount it at a bridge in a town at the coast of the "ostsee" (germany) 
I know it looks a bit retard but it came frome my heard :)

That is adorable! And sweet!

*and no, he's still not a writer. But, who cares?*

He got the point across. Congrats! :)
Yuck.
I was giggling like crazy when he gave it to me, I lvoe him<3(:
I'll bet. It gives me the warm gigglies when my husband does something sweet for me.

Congratulations on having a sweet SO.

It is true! 
True. I've been in a long distance relationship. It works if you can be with her at least three months a year (combined). 
r/longdistance. 

Welcome to the ldr club. You two are adorable, you can make it!!
I've known him for 9 months and until a few weeks ago, neither of us thought we'd be more than friends. We both were in long term relationships when we met. We were lab partners in organic chemistry, worked together as RA's and at the front desk at the mailroom on-campus. We bantered and joked and walked up from class together. We spent 6 hours a week or so at the least between class, work and lab together and we were and are great friends.

A few weeks ago, I went to look at an apartment for the summer. My boyfriend couldn't go so my lab partner went with me. He jokingly suggested we pretend to be a couple when we went to check out the house and I took him to dinner afterwards as a thank you. We didn't know then but that's when it all started. Of course we had fun at dinner because we were friends, and that was all. 

Then, we played with an Ouija board, just the two of us, again just as friends out of curiosity. Only, after we'd fully freaked each other out, he said "you know, now would be the perfect time to make a move if we liked each other." But I still didn't see him that way, and I thought it was probably the adrenaline tricking me into liking him a little more than usual. He came to a party that my [now ex] boyfriend and I were throwing for St. Patrick's Day and we were attached all night, couldn't stop talking. Drunk gossiping about friends and past relationships, that's the night that we actually started to fall in love but problem, I have a boyfriend who I thought that I loved very much. 

I chose to break up with my boyfriend because of some brewing issues with jealousy and because we really had nothing in common and usually sat around and did nothing and said nothing whenever we were together. My friend helped me through everything, supporting me every step of the way, even when the choices weren't to his benefit. All the while, we were learning more and more that we were perfect for each other. Who knew that there was someone out there who liked all the same music, and movies, and foods as I did. Someone who liked to have the same kind of intellectual conversations as me. Someone who'd been looking for the same thing I'd been looking for all along.

I had never looked into someones eyes and seen what I see in his. Now that we've been seeing each other, I'm happier than ever. We couldn't have rushed in any faster but the problem is that we had no choice. I see nothing that I could dislike about him. We drive down the road listening to Queen and making plans to run away to Mexico together. We lay in bed and talk about biology research together and we spontaneously dance under the stars. Talking to him is like talking to myself. Kissing him is like kissing myself.

I keep telling myself that it can't be fate, or love so quickly and so randomly but the more we learn about each other, the more I am sure that there's no way this could've happened on accident. What are the odds that we'd both love grape nuts with bananas or peanut butter and apples or that we'd both be addicted to the same kind of gum. We like to snuggle in the same specific position and we both want to retire and teach high school. We want the same number of kids, the same number of wedding guests, and being with him makes me better than myself. I've never felt so comfortable with someone and neither has he. 

I wish I'd known someone who'd experienced what I'm feeling, just so that I could digest what's happening. I just wanted to share :)
this gives me hope! I will find true love!!
This has happened to me too and wow what a difference! When you love yourself you find someone who loves you, at least this is what I have found! Enjoy your beautiful life :)
I hope my recent endeavors can shed some light for you. It's based off of what someone else commented that if you love and accept yourself that when you meet someone you see as yourself then it all works out for the best possible relationship that could happen. 

I recently was broken up with a girl that I thought was perfect. As time has passed I realized I only felt that way because I didn't know who I truly was and because of that I would conform to be suitable with someone. These past weeks though I've learned who I am and actually am happy again, much more than when I was before and during the relationship. 

So what I'm saying is that because you have found someone you see that embodies the very essence of your own self you may have found something right. I strongly suggest you continue with this and continue to grow upon and risk all that you can to experience the happiness you have found.
I can relate. I have known my(now fiancé) nearly my whole life, but when we went to the same highschool I realized how much I liked him. He was 9 months older than me(exactly), so he was a grade above me. I had a HUGE crush on him but he though I was annoying. We started dating other people, and we kinda stopped hanging out. Well. I had been dating a douchebag guy who I THOUGHT I loved, but really I was overly infatuated and he was verbally and mentally abusive. When he broke up with me for the second time throughout our 1 year 4 month relationship(first a week before my birthday, and second 5 days before Christmas) I moved on immediately. During my terrible relationship I started flirting again with my now fiancé. I got his number, and the night my ex broke up with me, I called him. We started talking and we went on a date a week after we got back to school from winter break, when my ex decided to call me trying to get back with me, and I turned him down HARSH. Now, my fiancé and I have been together ever since. We have been together for 3 years, and he recently proposed to me on Easter. :) 

That's all I just wanted to share it, Turns out that feeling around my best guy friend wasnt just friendship. He told me he loved me a couple days ago and the more I thought about it I realized I love him too.
HE DID IT!!!
congrats! it's the best feeling, enjoy it. my boyfriend also made the jump out of the friendzone, and as soon as he did it, i realized that it made perfect sense. what feels like forever later, we're become a more perfect fit everyday.
It's a pity I'm in love with a girl yet in the friendzone. The worst bit is she is single and doesn't even know how amazing she is (apart from when I told her which pushed the awkward level in our friendship over 9000)
I thought that once your in the friend-zone, you never get out.
Congrats
some questions, if you don't mind:

- how did he tell you?
- why did you take a couple days to realize it? 
- did you tell him when you realized it? how did that go? 
- was it awkward when you didn't reciprocate? 
- how did he react when you told him? 
Pictures or it didn't happen!
No one leaves the friend zone alive... No one! 
Yeah he did, :) 
Nope, It happened out of nowhere! We got to talking about people we like and he ended up telling me that the reason he never has a girlfriend was because he has always wanted to be with me, I felt the same way.
you're*
He told me by saying it (Very boldly)

It took a couple days because I just got out of a relationship and kept thinking he told me to make me feel better.

I told him that I felt the same way but it took me so long to realize it, and he was estatic.

It was awkward when I told him I had to process that he loves me.

He kissed me when I told him I had to think about it and when I told him that I love him too.
Well it didnt work the way I wanted, He ended up leaving me for a girl with bigger breasts than me and said "We're still friends..right?"
Did he tell you over dinner? Watching tv or anything? Was there any background noise going on? I'm curious about the details. Thanks for elaborating.

Do you still feel the same as when you first said it? Are feelings increasing? Do you say it everytime you talk now? If so, did that start right after you both exchanged the words? Is my line of questioning silly? This intrigues me.
We were in lecture when he told me.

My feelings have increased. He says it everytime and I say it back. I started to say it and I feel relieved when I do. And your questions are just fine :)
Thanks :). I guess I'm kinda asking as if I was asking someone about a country I'm about to move to from someone who's been there recently.
It's fine, I enjoy thinking about it anyway :)
I'm making this to share my love for my sweet, sweet girlfriend, Sunshine__x, to the world. She has been my best friend for 2 solid years, 2 solid years that were filled with laughs, cries, and everlasting memories. What can I say, she makes my world spin, but sometimes I wish we could just stop time and spend all the time in the world together, just us. 

This woman makes me the happiest man that ha ever walked this earth. She makes me eternally happy, in every way possible. She gives me the warmest of smiles, the softest of kisses, the most embracing of embraces, and everything about her is just... perfect. Absolutely perfect. Her beautiful angelic smile that warms my heart to the point where I feel like my heart is about to burst, her soft hair that can only be compared to the finest silk, her soothing, smooth voice that lets me know it will all be okay, her laugh that makes my heart sing with happiness, her perfect skin, the way our hands fit together so perfectly, the way her head rests perfectly on my chest, and the magic in her eyes when we stare deeply into each other's eyes, lost in a gaze that takes us to a place where only us and our love exists.

I am truly, deeply, and completely in love with her, and she is in love with me. Nothing in this world could ever change that. Ever.

A picture of us taken a month ago: http://imgur.com/8q9Nj
You are cute together!
I'm going to see a girl I fancy this weekend for the second time... Le butterflies
This is so sweet! I hope that no matter what the troll that life is throws your way, that you two make it
[deleted]
Cool story, bro.
Well thank you! :) And I wish you good luck with this lady that you fancy so! 
Thank you! I'm certain we'll make it, we both love each other immensely, and nothing will ever tear us apart.
I could never take her for granted. She's just too perfect, and I can't even imagine losing her to anything. I mean, why would I ever take my other half for granted?
"I asked an old man: Which is more important, to love or to be loved? The old man replied: Which is more important to a bird, the left wing or the right wing?"
- Ryan Ferreras
Beautifully said.
I [f] proposed to my boyfriend of two years last night, on the anniversary of when we first said "I love you". He originally proposed about a year ago but I needed more time - and now I'm ready and now we're engaged :)

Haven't told my parents yet, haha, but we did tell our bartender, and she screamed and hugged us and was super excited! I guess when your bartender knows you're meant to be together, it's pretty much inevitable.

Just had to share, I'm really happy right now :) 
I can't tell you how much I like that.  That he proposed you weren't ready, and managed to tell him without hurting him, and than accepted when you were ready.  That shows so much maturity and depth in your relationship that is SOOOOO absent from most relationships I see.
congrats!
Congrats !!
Congratulations :)
Congratulations!!! I wish you a long and happy life together.
Also you guys have a bartender? That's awesome!
Congrats!
[This](http://imgur.com/OohL0) is my older brother and his fiance. They're getting married in October. I have never seen anyone more in love than these two :) <3
They are so cute! 
I wish my fiancé could hold me on his back like that. Damn my Amazon-like size. 
You mean his future ex-wife?
No need to be an ass because someone else is happy. 
Basic essentials: food, water, oxygen, shelter, and being an ass

I'm happy for your brother. I'm just happi-ER poking fun

Dear you,

You know who you are. You're beautiful, okay? Good, I'm glad you agree. Also, I'm in love with you. But that was obvious. Now, I know this letter is going to be cheesy as hell, so if whoever else reads this isn't into that, just click the back button and be done with it. NOW, TIME TO BEGIN.

The first time I met you, you were sort of quiet. Saying something every few minutes. But every time you DID say something, it was funny as hell. Made me giggle. A manly giggle, of course, but giggle nonetheless. After that I only talked to you a few days later. That's when what we call the "van incident" happened.. Ahah. After that we got to talking more often, and I noticed that you were an amazing person. I wanted to get to know you better, so I did. I learned you had been having poor luck with some guys (they were idiots to let you go). I think it was then you asked me my opinion on dating with age differences. I told you it honestly, but damn, I don't think I ever wanted to tell you how I felt more than I did right then. But we both know I couldn't... I had a girlfriend at the time. So we continued talking, hung out more often, and I realized how lucky I was to have you as a friend, if not as a girlfriend. Our friend started saying that we were "totally going to date." Ha, when I heard she said that, I made it my goal to make that come true. So I think it was around then that me and my girlfriend at the time broke up.. And I used the worst excuse possible. I was really torn up about that, and you were completely there for me. And then you told me you were considering leaving. So, I decided to fess up and finally tell you how I felt. I was so scared of what your reaction might be. And then you told me you had "a big o' crush" on me as well. My heart probably stopped and restarted then. After a few days of our friendship being a tad less friend-y and more love-y, our friend decided to make me ask you out (I was shy as hell and scared to do it). You said yes, and our relationship began. Our friends still call me a romantic for the things I do, but I just feel that it's what a good boyfriend SHOULD be doing. We haven't been together too long but it feels like it's already been forever. You're beautiful, you're one of the nicest people I know, you're funny as hell, and you have a magnetic personality. Oh, and you're damn sexy. I love you.
Awwww. <3 that's so sweet 
Thank you c: though it doesn't begin to express my feelings for her, I do little things all the time. 
When I was in school a teacher told me and my friend when we were talking that we, in order to recognise the beauty of life and help us, that we should "Find someone who loves like you love, and stay with them." I found this really awesome an beautiful and I thought this would be a great place to share it. 


I was going to post my first asshole comment here on Reddit simply because, from a glance,  I felt like the comic was too long. I decided to read it first...and now there are tears on my keyboard. Thank you. [](/notbad)
So cute, hope you guys have a wonderful future
I cldnt agree with u more..its definetly the small things that count..
Ps..good luck to u guys :)
Thanks everyone! I'm really glad you guys liked it :)
The cute. I flailed. I might have to do something similar for my BF at some point. >3>
Aww are you really? I'm touched :) 
[](/truestory)

Is working on relationships frowned upon here? Or am I totally missing something?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TL3k4C3mY88
Sounds terrible at first, but let me explain.  We went to high school together, I graduated 11 years ago, 9 years ago for her.  We knew each other in HS, but had little interaction since we were in different years. I was good friends with her older brother though, who was 2 years my elder.  After graduating she and I returned to our HS to speak at a panel for seniors, telling them what to expect in your first years of college, etc.  We hung out after the panel, ended up going to get coffee or something (10 yrs ago) and went to the park for a few hours, walking and talking.  We went back to my place and made out for a while, nothing too serious, you know.  BTW this was taking place during the holidays, I was home from college.  So we part ways shortly there after, she went to her college and I to mine.  We had some contact over the years via facebook, but not much.  
Early this September, I get a random message from her on facebook, "hey _______ whats up? how have you been?" or something along those lines.  Well let me tell you something.  I have been in love a couple of times in my life, was even engaged for a while so this aint my first rodeo, and what I have gone through the past couple of months is something like I have never experienced before.  Keep in mind we havent seen each other in a decade.  We talk about anything and everything, understand one another eerily well.  We are both artists and understand the sacrifices/hardships one has to make to maintain this career.  We see eye to eye and have a profound trust that feels so natural its almost taken for granted.  We talk on the phone everyday, txt throughout the day, skype when its possible.  We have built a foundation through these means only, and are completely in love with one another.  There will be many nay-sayers out there and thats ok, I am not looking for affirmation or anything, just wanted to share this with you because I feel like its the best thing in my life right now. 
The one issue is that she lives 2000 miles away!! I am finishing grad school in May and have never been so motivated in my life.  I will see her for the first time in Ten years in December, for three weeks.  She loves me deeply, Reddit, and I know this.  I love her too.  What do you think?  If all goes as splendidly well as I think it well in December, should I relocate to her state in the name of Love after I graduate?  I have a decent job where I am, but in my field I can go to any major city and do ok.  She is in a great city for the arts by the way, Its just on the other side of the country. Before you say to me, "whatch out man, you have no idea whats going on" I will say this:
I am a Trigenarian, have loved and lost and lost at love.  I know myself well after these failed relationships and have a good idea of what makes a relationship work.  Any input you have will be appreciated, although, "I do what i Want!! "  If anyone cares Ill keep you updated on the development of this love story.  My prediction is, I will be married by this time next year, and that sounds perfect to me.  Its game changer time Reddit! 
-Love,
Yerbal

Man, you said it yourself several times: you don't need our input. You're in love and it's filling you up so much you're telling total strangers about it.

> If all goes as splendidly well as I think it well in December, should I relocate to her state in the name of Love after I graduate?

Of course you should. Congratulations on what you've found. May it be even truer than you believe it to be.
when did that " end. i kept reading in her voice. get out of my head!

i say go get her.
I wanna hear more!  Tell us what happens!
So beautiful, thanks for sharing. I say pack your bags immediately! 
[Relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZLVi4v7lSM).
The whole 'follow your heart' phrase is mostly bullshit, so I applaud you as you sound like you've done the mature thing of getting to know how the heart should feel before you trust it. And with that, it does certainly sound like you know what you want and you're in the best possible situation to trust it. 

Just make sure you also think of you, because if she's a lifelong partner, your lifestyle will happily go along with hers without too many sacrifices.
I've just finished watching Before Sunrise and Before Sunset (the sequel), you should watch them asap, they are on netflix, and based on what you're going through, you will undoubtedly love them :)
Just an Update folks, for those that are curious:
December was just as we both expected it, even better Id say.  Had some great times hanging out with each others families, seeing her brothers, her mom and dad, and many old friends from high school.  We had not seen each other in 10 years but felt an immediate sense of familiarity with one another, like we had been close all that time, or perhaps like not time had passed at all since we last saw each other.  It was hard saying good bye at the end of those 3 weeks, but knowing I was going to visit her in less than a month made things a little easier.  That and we were both extremely occupied with our lives, work, school, etc.  Jump to Visit in Feb.
Seeing her town, meeting her friends, they are all wonderfully beautiful people, as I would have expected from her.  They were all very warm and inviting, easy going.  Several days of good fun and romance, then we decided to go jewelry store to... have a look around.  I left that weekend having put down a deposit on an engagement ring that she loved very much.  She knew what I was doing, but I also like that she knew.  I had the ring mailed to me in my own state, and kept if safe for the past month and a half or so as I waited to return to her, and planned my proposal.  I will say that planning that was not easy.  In a way it was, its more about the love and the words than the location, timing, etc.  But I wanted it to be perfect, for her to feel so loved and appreciated, like a queen.  Nothing I could think of was good enough for her in my eyes, and picking a location in a town with which you are not familiar is also difficult to do, so I decided to do something that was very personal, involving only the two of us in her apt in an intimate, warm and romantic setting.  Anyway folks, without spilling all the mushy details, we are now very happily engaged! I guess Ill update again after the wedding.  Thanks for listening! 

Gay
Lol, which quote are you talking about?
i think you added it back!
going on 3 years and he still treats me like a princess. going on 3 years and i still get excited when he texts me. going on 3 years and i honestly think i'm blessed to have him in my life. my best friend. i'm a better person because of him.
i am the happiest girl in the world.

"i love love. i love being in love. i don't care what it does to me." -Nate Ruess (the format)
Congratulations! Also, loved The Format, great song!
May I humbly ask for a citation for the quote you used?
Congratulations, I love seeing positive posts on here :) 
[deleted]
I feel like there is hope :)
the format (now the band FUN). nate ruess is the lead singer. and the song is Inches and Falling
:]
I absolutely love Fun. Nate Ruess is a genius and an amazing vocalist, and I recently found out about his former band (The Format). Such wondrous lyrics.
Yeah, I wasn't sure if it was from a song. I figure I should ask just to make sure. Cheers.

Upvote for making me tear-up.
Thanks for this! :)
So cute, right? 
It is. :'3
12 years, long time right? 

Trust me when I say, 12 years is even longer when it is wasted. Wasted on a false hope that someday things will be better. Well, it never did. In fact, only got worse till the pot that I was in finally boiled over. 
I was the proverbial frog in the pot.

I know what you all are probably thinking, this is r/love, this dude is depressing me. 

And that's the thing, it is depressing. 

12 years hoping for something to click.... and it took me a few weeks to actually find it, with someone else.

I realized that after all that time I found my soul mate.

Undoubtedly this is probably the strangest emotional Rollercoaster of my life. Somehow she can always bring me up when I'm down (I have had a lot of those) and I receprocate it to her. We are eachothers rocks, we feed good into each other when it is needed. She supports me when I need it, as I do to her. It is the most amazing feeling I have ever felt. 

What prompted me to write this is while I write this, and she naps while sleeping I said "I love you" she sleepily replied the same. 

I have never felt like this, and it's amazing. I have literally lost everything in my life recently. Normally it would crush any man, but I can't stop smiling. I gained so much more than I ever had. I'm so extremely excited to see where this next chapter leads us. 

I found it, I found true love, and could not be any happier. 

I love you ivy
I know that feel and i wish u the best. I am in the same situation but i am the other one and she ist round about 12 years in a relationship
What happened?
I've been single for 10 years.  I haven't even been on a date in 4 years.  Yes, I know long times.
Here is my story:

11th grade of highschool, there was this girl. A stereotype modern day nerdy girl. Tied up greasy hair, t-shirt, jeans and generic tennis shoes and from an Italian background, like me. I met her in Language Arts class. 

Immediately a friendly personality from her, so much so it was almost awkward. She became a good friend of mine, often helping each other with school work, spending time together during lunch outside or in the library. 

She took to a liking to some British boy in that same class. This didn't bother me as I really was not attracted to her... *If anything I thought she was a little^ugly*. I even helped her build the self esteem and courage to talk to this person. 

One day she did, it was a no. 

She wasn't too bothered by this, life wen't on.

However, I eventually started noticing, I would occasionally catch her staring or peeking. This hinted at something, but I suppose I just didn't care. Until one day. 

During the lunch break, she comes up to me and confesses her feelings towards me. *"I've been gaining feelings for you for a long time now and I really wan't to tell you that I like you, is this mutual?"*,  I won't lie, I was a little panicked. *I was not attracted to this person*. But I'm also a push-over. I really did not wan't to hurt her feelings, I know what rejection is like... "Well why not?" I thought. So I said they were. I don't know if this was a mistake. 

I will end it here since the point is to talk about love without initial attraction. If you wanna hear the rest, I will gladly write it, but its very saddening to me as it hurts me even now. 
Go ahead and make fun of "highshool relationship" and how cringe some of the things I wrote where, I completely understand. I was younger then, still developing the abilities for decision making. 

So I wen't from completely un-attracted physically and emotionally to deeply in love and attached to this girl. What's ironic is when this relationship ended, she was the one to end it, not me. I was the one who ended up devastated. Even until this day, 2 and a half years later. 

tl:dr Love works in strange ways. Has anyone else experienced falling in love with a person they didn't even initially find attractive or even unattractive?


_______________________________________________________________________________________

Edit: So here is the rest. 

While still contemplating whether it was a mistake, she was incredibly happy to have some partnership, which in return made me happy. 

With more and more time being put in, I grew happier and happier, the feeling of someone to talk to, someone to care about you and to care for, to spend time with, to be intimate with, to enjoy hobbies with or go out with. It definitely was not a mistake, at least I thought at the time. Seeing each other in the morning, in between classes, during class, lunch, after school, weekends. We were two peas in a pod to say the least. 

She even fixed herself up at her own will, which really showed how she cared. We really got along and needless to say at this point, she was the most beautiful thing to me. 

Our parents even got along, both from same cultural background. I knew her family very well, I loved them to death and they showed the same back. Beautiful large family, which I don't have. I have but 1 parent, so it was new. 

It must have been 6-7 months in. Never was happier and more motivated. Relationship was still going strong, absolutely no sign of what was going to happen. 

One night, around midnight she messages me "hey can we talk on skype" completely out of the blue and by surprise. 

I have to say, I knew it. I knew what was going to happen, she never messages that seriously, let alone at midnight. I just didn't want to believe it, I blew it off as me being paranoid. But no, it happened. 

I hop on skype, she is there in a real serious tone. Something along the lines of  *"Hey I wanted to talk to you about something, we really don't have much is common and I think we should break up, it's not you its me"* basically a whole lot of sugar coating and reasons that were just not true. In the moment I just said *"Whatever makes you happy"*... 

She thanked me for understanding, I hung up and she asked why, *"There is nothing else to talk about"*. 

I was in disbelief, at first I really just thought "Oh she must just be going through emotional changes or something, she will be back apologizing"  but little by little it got to me that night. Nope, she was serious. I don't know the reasoning till this day. 

Maybe she just stopped caring for me? Maybe it was the type of person I was growing up to be? It doesn't matter. I respect her decision and have accepted she was young, like I was and evolving both physically and emotionally. 

But back then I didn't respect it, oh no, I was angry, depressed, confused and sick from it. I made a pathetic attempt to get back with her. I talked to her, watched her from a far, even stocked her on social media. I'm not proud of it, but I was heartbroken. Her reason for not trying again was that she might be moving. She never did. 

I tell you r/love, I'm not a person to cry much, but I never cried so hard over this person. Like full on screaming hard. It hurt me so much, I dropped out of school to do online last year. 

2 things that made me re-live the pain, enough to come on here to talk about it.  

 I had a vivid dream about being together and happy as I was then with her. 

 A friend of mine, who still attended while I was homeschooling was told by her that she wanted to try again. 2 and a half years later he tells me this, now that I'm with someone new, which was crushing. 

Yes, I'm with someone new too, a person I've known since I was 12. A person I'm incredibly close with and I intend to marry some day, about to be a year now. Yet this still haunts me. I'm still not over it. 

This girl was my best friend, an ally, even now, I have nothing bad to say about this person. She still has a place in my my heart, soul and memory, always. 



I married him actually. He showed up to our first date all decked out in pink (my favorite color) with a bald spot, bulgey eyes and tight shorts. I was certain I'd never go out with him again but I'm also a pushover so I went on a second date. I had so much fun and he treated me so well that I went on a third, and as I spent more time with him I fell for him and he gradually became more attractive to me. Now I can't imagine my life without him and I think he's so handsome.
Yeah, it happened to me a few years back. Didn't even notice the girl before, but later I really started to enjoy being with her. 
It happened to me when I was younger...

But when I look back on it, I consider it a period of unsuccessful attempts at love...

Because, in the end, I need to feel initial/physical attraction to someone to be happy with them long-term.

Accepting love without some instinctive visual/desire/sex/lust component to go with it.... Well, I no longer accept it, and it stopped happening for me during my twenties.

Who knows? Maybe I will again one day find love with someone that I don't find physically attractive... But for the last 20 years, that is too much to ask... Living in places with eye-candy at every turn, seeing such pulchritude on an hourly basis and having a partner that symbolises "You don't deserve that".


If you are comfortable talking about it, I would like to read the rest of this story. 
Yup. She's pretty but I was coming off, what felt like my thousandth, failed attempt at a relationship. I swore to myself I wouldn't fall into the trap again.  As a few weeks went by I felt that same dreaded feeling growing. I told myself to end it. Kill it. Don't let it happen again. No matter how much I fought to absolutely eradicate any attraction I had, it remained and grew stronger. Fast forward a few months, I knew how it would end before I even asked. I did anyway. Was told "I don't know" as if I couldn't handle a simple "no". Rather degrading..... To this day, I regret feeling anything. Now, one of my friends is going after that same girl. Maybe it will work out for him, maybe it won't. Either way, I'm abso-fucking-lutely done with anything to do with "love". When one has tried as many times as I have, and failed every time, it becomes more painful to feel for someone than joyous. Just... That wrenching feeling that sends chills through your spine knowing that you don't have a chance in Hell.... I wouldn't wish it on anyone. Well, except ISIS. Fuck ISIS.
Certainly, I edited the post. Sorry about the length. 
It's all good, I got pretty invested. Quite  the heartbreaking story. Thanks for sharing. 
The year is 2010. I'm a freshman in High School, sporting that long hair style haircut. My last class of the day for that whole year was a subject called "High School Success". In this class I learned about how to successful in High School. I also found out about the do's and don'ts as well.

I remember my first day so clearly. I was so self-conscious and nervous, especially when I heard about the hazing of the new freshman where the seniors would throw them into trashcans on the first Friday of the year. That didn't help very much.

When I was walking into my sixth period class I saw a girl. The second I laid eyes on her, I stopped in the middle of the doorway and just froze. When she laid her eyes upon me my heart stopped and it felt like I was sitting on cloud nine. She smiled and chuckled a little bit. I think in some way she knew I thought she was beautiful.

We all had assigned seats and mine was closest to the door and hers was more towards the opposite side of the classroom. Ever so often we would have seat changes and every time that happened I hoped and prayed I would get assigned next to her desk, but almost every time, I was never the lucky one to be sitting right next to her.

Eventually I did get assigned to a sit that was right behind hers. We were sitting on the opposite side of the classroom against the wall. I usually got there first before her or she before me. When I got there first I was so nervous. I didn't know how to talk to her.

I can't remember who spoke first, but I'm positive she said something first and after that we just became friends. We were sometimes partners and group members together if we ever had a project that required it. I really enjoyed those moments.

I wanted to tell her how I felt so many times, but I feared the possible rejection, so I didn't say anything.

There were a couple of times where I mustered up some courage and tried to tell her. The first time was at lunch. I had seen she was over by the vending machines by herself.

I figured it was the right moment to say something, that way if she didn't feel the same way, no one would witness the rejection. Call me gutless, but it is what it is.

As I was getting close to her I saw a guy go up to her and hugged her, she hugged back too. Not only that, but they kissed.

My heart sunk. It felt like someone punched and kicked it.

She dated this guy for a little while and they did break up, quite frankly the guy was a jerk and didn't treat her very well. I still never mentioned my feelings to her. The second time I tried telling her was in class near the middle of the third semester.

But I found out she was talking with some guy and they too dated, but that only lasted until the middle of the last semester. High school relationships am I right?

Now we are at the end of freshman year. Your boy never told this girl how he felt.

I never saw her again because she switched schools. Sophomore and junior year we did talk on and off, but only through texting. We did speak a little during my senior year, but that was it.

She actually told me that at some point she had feelings for me. If only she knew I had feelings for her...

I did date other girls, but I never felt the way towards them that I did towards the girl I am talking about. Those relationships were short-term and obviously didn't last.

It's now six years later and that same girl never leaves my mind. For some reason I can't move on. I don't know why I'm so stuck on this girl for this long.

I regret not telling her how I felt about her and wondering what if. I kick myself over it sometimes. A few months ago I looked her up on Facebook and messaged her using the Facebook Messenger app.

Finally I told her how I felt. It's not the way I wanted her to find out; I needed to get this off my chest.

She had read the message, but didn't respond.

It hurt me. Really bad.

I probably sound crazy, but I'm certain that I love this girl to this day. There are some nights where I dream about us being together and I even had one of us getting married. Super weird.

Recently I was cleaning out my desk drawer and found one of my school I.D.'s from my freshman year. On the back she had written "logan loves danette ;)". I forgot about that.

Makes me wonder if she knew all along how I felt.

She's certainly was the one that got away.




EDIT: 
I recently contacted her and it turns out that she does have a boyfriend. 

I believe it's time to close this chapter. 
Msg her again.. Did you check if shes dating someone, might be why she didnt respond. It hurts when you pour your heart out and dont even get some closer.
But rather crazy than sorry. Wait till she is single and send her a short msg, asking how she is and that you have been think about her. See what happens. Life is to short to worry about looking stupid/crazy
Well I contacted her again. She doesn't seem to be dating anybody. Awaiting a response.
Dude. This is literally my story. Mid 8th grade, meet girl become friends. Try to tell her around april, turns out she has a boyfriend whos a total dick. They break up start of freshmen year. I wait to tell her, then find out she has another bf. Cut to our bands Disney world trip, new years eve watching fireworks together as friends, shes single. I ask and get rejected, 6 months later im stull hung up on her.
fuck, man. im sorry and wish you luck
She may have been dating someone I can't remember, but I don't believe I am going to contact her again. All it will do is make me seem crazy. It's not something I want to portray. 
I just love love love my boyfriend he is everything. The more I discover about him the more I love him. He's such a sweetheart and great guy. And the sex is A1. I have so many feelings for him that I feel like I might burst at any moment. I'm so glad that I had the guts to pursue him after all this time, its a decision I don't regret for a second. I just love love love my boyfriend.
Same except with my girlfriend, its such a great feeling right?

I feel like it gets harder and harder to actual love a person. Had it once, screwed that up. Had it a second time, screwed that up to. Now I'm dating someone but it isn't love and I seriously just miss loving someone...having someone I want to send every day with and who wants to spend every day with me. Saying "I love you" or hearing it and knowing that it was actually meant. Holding a hand and feeling like everything in the world was perfect. Eyes that knew me better than I knew myself...
what was your favorite part about being in love? 
[deleted]
I am divorced. Likely never going to be in another relationship given what the experience and exposure to other men's experiences taught me.

However, I am ashamed to admit that I still love my ex wife. Not in the sense of wanting her back, though I have some moments of weakness. But in the sense of rolling the clock back and going to a time when she used to love me, before she learned to forget the really important things in life.

Some would say that I have a bad case of oneitis. I am not holding a flame for her. I intellectually realize that love is actually impossible for a man to win on a permanent basis these days. But you can't restrain the heart.

My lazy weekends, like this one, are few and far between. Dangerous to have any down time at all.
My fav part of being in love is that it made me do the things I did not know I can.
I want my madness back.. grr
Yes I miss being in a fun free spirit best friend intimacy all night real love
>I feel like it gets harder and harder to actual love a person. Had it once, screwed that up. Had it a second time, screwed that up to. Now I'm dating someone but it isn't love and I seriously just miss loving someone...having someone I want to send every day with and who wants to spend every day with me. Saying "I love you" or hearing it and knowing that it was actually meant. Holding a hand and feeling like everything in the world was perfect. Eyes that knew me better than I knew myself...
what was your favorite part about being in love? 

I believe love doesn't exist.

Love is a fickle thing. I've seen enough of it to the point where its fictional. I used to be in love but nothing became of that because I stopped caring. I love my friends and family but I can't love anyone more like that. I kind of refuse to, at this point. Honestly, my favourite part is that is doesn't affect me as it should. I feel that I can repress what love is and push it towards work. I'm pretty sure no one likes me more that when it's an infatuation and that's fine. As a 25 year old male, its safe to say that I have given up what love is and have moved on thinking about some sort of future. If you're in love, that's fine. More power to you. It's just that I've felt nothing but pain and misery because I was stupid enough to let emotions for a crush get to me. So, I'll just be what my Dad told me what I'm like whenever I'm at work. An emotionless, stoic, detached robot.
My favorite part is the warmth that I feel in my heart. It feels like my soul has been released from a long captivity and is able to enjoy the world around it once again.
right?! like it was just the greatest thing! give me back that crazy lo
Whoever wants this crazy back has to come get it themselves. 

Fucking fuck, it feels like I wrote this (I didnt)
Too fucking accurate.
DO NOT worry. If she's your's, she WANTS to be there. Don't assume. Be honest, no one likes trying to read another's mind. We only have NOW. I wish this was for me.

Someone could turn this into a poem.
nice


You guys look beautiful!

Completely true. 
A break would be nice...

Yes , it does ! Take one day at a time..there's no need to rush through this.  Keep your heart open.  ! I was in a similar position after a breakup from a 9 yr relationship. It gets better, the pain goes away, I promise
Make it 7 for me *sigh. But yes I think it does eventually
It does, trust me. 

You are both very lucky to find each other!
Congratulations! You guys look perfect for each other.

Lucky, too. Your sweetie looks like a much younger version of my sweetie. *If anything like mine, he'll age well. ;)*
:)
Spongebob makes rainbow with hand friend zone
Cute picture(;

I have never seen people that happy on BART. Photoshopped.

The whole movie pretty much sums up my life


Beautiful.
O^M^G S^O A^W^E^S^O^M^E
Bro, this is some profound shit right here. Your photographer is damned good, too.
You've asked me in the past why I love you. I think I've got it down.

Ever heard the phrase "I'm so happy I could die?" It's been said before, but I don't think many people really understand it. I feel like that the only perfect thing in life is death. There's just something so ultimately right about the void. When you're dead, none of your problems matter, everything ceases, and ceases to exist. Being that happy is like death. There is nothing within you but raw and perfect emotion. It's an intensely complex thing to consider, yet at the same time it's so incredibly simple. It's really beyond the scope of description, almost beyond comprehension. When you're that perfectly happy, you could be killed right then and there, and you'd welcome it. You're the only thing in my life that has ever caused me to exist in such a perfect state. I don't understand how you affect me in such a way, but this is why I will always love you. This is why I will stand by you at all costs. There is no way for me to determine with any amount of certainty if you feel something similar for me. I can only hope you have and still do. But you've caused in me one of the most powerful and abstract experiences a human can have. I wouldn't trade that for my own life. 
you're a lucky guy to be able to articulate your feelings for someone so perfectly.
This made me tear up a bit. Thank you for helping me understand the feelings I have for my boyfriend and why. 
Thank you. People have always told me I have a way with words.
Glad I could help :)
Most define love as unconditional, rare, and magical.  They see it as this perfect cloud that looms slightly above their reach.  They see it, feel it, know it’s there but no matter how hard they try, they feel they always fall short of fully grabbing it.  And since according to them, and maybe you, love is perfect, if it doesn’t work out it means you are not.  So many come to me believing they are damaged.  And if they can fix themselves, they may one day jump and grab that cloud and hold on to it forever.

The truth is love can also be gritty and unfair.  It can be violent, dysfunctional, and terrifying.  Love isn’t always a cloud.  Sometimes it’s a storm, dark, cold, and destructive.  Love is not perfect.  It wasn’t meant to be.  And if you believe it is, you will only believe you are not.

Maybe it’s not you that’s damaged.

Maybe love is.

- Angry
I mean... I don't show my love for someone by being violent. Ever.

What you're describing is passion not love. Passion can be violent, dysfunctional and terrifying. It can tear you to pieces because it not only has the highs of love, but it has the lows of hate as well. If you truly believe this to be love then you have not experienced love in it's truest form. 

The vast majority of people will never understand the distinction between the two, I hope one day you will.
I think I know what you're talking about. It's an angry love, but only on my end. My boyfriend is an immature airhead. I do love him, though.
It was then, after that magic moment it all rushed back. You may not remember, but we knew each other in heaven. I miss you.

I'm a guy and I even found this sweet ^-^

This note right here. You take the words from my mouth. 

A tear you deserve. Yes.
Thank you for posting
This is how I feel with the girl I'm with. I've been with a couple of girls in the past, but nothing comes anything close to her.
I'm not sure she feels the same way, though, and that's breaking my heart. I'm trying to be the very best I can be with her, and if it fails, I sure as hell hope she finds the same thing with another man who can love her the way I do and appreciate the amazing person she is.
I would carve out my right testicle with a tooth pick for this girl. She's that amazing!

Love is indeed a powerful thing, more than I could ever have imagined. 

To see yourself in the eyes of another person,
A person who gives you the strength and energy to do absolutely anything is the best thing in this world by far. 
So beautiful
Hi guys recently I just ended things with the girl I love. I dated her for a little over a year and lost my virginity to her. She left for college and something snapped in me.... I started having sex with another girl constantly, all while continuing to tell my girl friend that I loved her. I've become the type of person I hate, I'm scum. I finally worked up the courage to tell her tonight and it was awful, I almost threw up I felt so bad. What the fuck have I become? I ruined the girl I loved view of me, she thought I was the perfect man for her. Now she regrets doing anything with me ever. And there is no way I can make this up to her. I don't know what to do with myself.... I need help.
Whatever happens now, you have to become a better person for it. Reflect upon yourself often, and figure out who you are. You probably won't like what you find, but you need to own it, and build from there.

You need to fix yourself before you can even think about someone else.
I have recently screwed up in a similar way...this woman is the love of my life and the woman i wanted to marry and one day another girl sent me a picture of herself and i have no idea what made me send one back...we've been broken up for 3 months now and it hurts more everyday because i am madly in love with her
FUCK
totally sucks. but, it sounds like you're still young.  Like atomatoisagoddamnveg said, just learn from it and remember how it made you feel and don't make the same mistake again with someone you care about.

Now. get yourself together.  It'll be ok.  You can't convince her of anything.  Ya fucked up.  Accept it and learn and move on.

sorry 
[deleted]
Dumbass
Thank you for the advice, it really does help
I upvoted you because your username is just that damn amazing.
Ya I'm working on letting her go, thanks for the advice
Yeah he messed up and he realized it. It doesn't mean you have to call him a dumbass. 
Haha thanks man
I have a great friend who calls me a dumbass when I've been a complete dumbass, and I'm glad he does.
Yeah a great friend, but some people on here don't exactly know each other. And also, the OP could've taken that a different way rather than a good friend reminding him he was being a dumbass. I think that if he had already admitted it, he doesn't need more shit piled on top of his already bad situation. 

I was surprised with a trip to Hawaii in December.  It was from a guy I had dated ten years ago.  We had remained friends all those years, and now that we were both single, he wanted to see if we could reconnect.  It was all very romantic and sweet -- we lived in different cities and hadn't seen each other in the time between, but he did everything he could to make it perfect.

We went on the trip, and while we had that great friendship to base it off of, the romantic spark wasn't there.  So much so, that on the fourth morning of the trip, he explained to me that he was still in love with his ex.  I was hurt, but I didn't think it was going that direction anyway, so we parted ways and haven't spoken since.  It didn't break my heart, but it wasn't a great time.

Fast forward to last week.  I've been dating, I had a profile on OkCupid but took it down a few weeks ago because I just wasn't finding what I was looking for and I was kind of tired of looking.  For as long as I can remember I've browsed craigslist for fun, but I've mostly avoided dating from there -- it's just too sketchy in my experience.  While browing the m4w, I found an ad that I had to respond to, but not in any romantic sense.  I just had to share my story.

The ad was from a man about a year older than me.  His ad sounded a little crazy, but I could understand.  He was looking for someone different, someone he clicked with, that undeniable first time spark.  The ad read just a little too good to be true, and the kicker was that he wanted to take someone he barely knew, but felt he may have good chemistry with, to Hawaii.  To connect.  Sounded familiar.

I couldn't help myself and sent him an email.  I wasn't answering the ad -- I took all of my PTO from work to take that trip (I took the rest of the time off of work, even though I wasn't in Hawaii after day four) and I'm a single mom.  There's no way I could take a trip like that again!  I really wanted to share my story with him and wish him better luck than I had.  I included a REALLY bad picture taken of me in Hawaii.  I never expected to hear from him.

His first email back was LONG.  He basically re-explained what he had said in his ad and asked me a lot of questions.  It was kind of as if he had the impression I was putting myself in the running for the trip.  He included a picture that wasn't exactly my type, but not HORRIBLE.  I responded and told him that there's no way I could do the trip with my circumstances, but at this point I have to admit I was intrigued.  His plan was just my brand of crazy and impetuous.  I have to admit, I probably would have ran with it if I could have.

We exchanged many more emails, and Thursday night he gave me his number and said he'd rather talk via phone or text at this point.  We had so much in common, and I really enjoyed what we were talking about during the chain of emails, so I called him immediately.  Yes, in hindsight, it was a total stalker move.  We talked for about an hour, and I let him go so I could go get something for dinner.  Before I could leave the house, he called me back and said he really enjoyed our conversation -- could he join me for dinner?  I figured why not, and we met.

When he walked in the door, my first thought was to look around him for the guy I was meeting.  He was so damned handsome!  He vaguely resembled the picture he sent, but I only realized it was him when he smiled to see me.  We met at around 8:30, but we talked way more than we ate, and we didn't leave the restaurant until around midnight.  It was amazing, we had so much in common: interests, neighborhoods, music, beliefs...it was uncanny.  We went back to my house and talked on the couch until 2:00 a.m.  We discovered we shared the same birthday.  We also discovered we really liked kissing each other.  I finally had to kick him out so I could sleep.  We texted for at least another half hour after.

The next day, he brought me flowers and lunch at work.  I was so happy to see him...it was like I'd known him for years and just reconnected with him.  He asked me out Friday night to a local bar that features old video games, something we both enjoy.  We had a wonderful time, and he ended up staying over.  Every hour we spend together, we find something else we have in common, or find a difference we can laugh over.  I'm learning so much about him, but it still feels like I've known him forever.

We've decided to throw caution to the wind and see what happens if we forge a relationship.  He's taken his craigslist ad down (I just tried to find it to link here, it's gone) and I had taken my profiles down ages before.  I'm excited.  I dated casually for seven months, and not once did I find someone who interests me like this one.  He makes my tummy flutter every time I see him.  He's just as crazy about me as I am for him, and we can TALK.  

I stopped looking, it found me.

And I'm still not going to Hawaii, but I don't think he's going to be taking anybody either.  :)

Wish us luck, /r/love!
Good luck! I hope everything works out for you guys!
We've been together since new years 1990, married almost 20 years, and I just asked her out an a date as if I haven't been with her for 22 years.  Looking for ideas to do besides a nice dinner and a movie.  I figured I'd get ready, leave and get the car washed, maybe get some flowers, and then go back home and knock on the door to pick her up.  I've sort of got some ideas of where to eat, but it's after that I'm kinda stumped.
I saw a really adorable idea on Facebook that you could potentially start this month. 

For Christmas my friend gave her husband 12 envelopes. Each envelope was a "Date of the Month". So for January, the hubby opened up the envelope and saw it was two tickets to his favorite college bb game. Then the other 12 envelopes contain things like "Picnic outdoors" (obviously for a warmer month) or "Tickets to favorite concert" or "Spa day" etc. Every month, different date. He has no clue what they are until he actually opens them.

You could potentially hand her a stack of envelopes with "January" on top and put all these details for today's date in that envelope. I'm sure she'd love it. Once I get married some day, I'm so doing this. :)
- Take her out dancing
- Get a hotel so it's a special night out rather than heading back home
- Go ice skating
- Go for a stroll around the park (weather permitting)
- Get a couples massage together or enjoy an evening at the spa
Some of the best dates I ever went on were pretty unconventional. The guy I  went on these dates with I had shared with him things I wanted to do before I turned 25 ect. We graffiti'd a train car, went horseback riding, snuck into a drive in movie, took dance lessons, and wrote a song together. A couple other things we did was went to a duck park and fed the ducks, built a fire and cuddled to some slow jams on a quarry overlooking the lake, and showed each other places around town that meant something to us. One of my all time favorite dates was similar to a scavenger hunt. There was a list of things we had to do to recieve the prize, which honestly I dont even remember what the prize was because the game was so much fun. We had to do random stuff like sing a song on a street corner until we get money, take each other where we would live if we were homeless, "pay something forward", go to a place you have never been, teach each other something, play a game of madlibs, ect. I know its all kind of stuff you would do when you're young and in love, but thats kinda what you were looking for, right? Good luck! Im sure whatever you, she is a lucky woman.
make a picnic on a pretty park c: or take your dog for a walk 
go to the movies or play some videogames c: 
What a great idea.  I'll probably try something like that later.
Love 'em all.  I think I'm going to see what she wants to do, and go from there.
Actually I've been thinking of doing a "romantic" scavenger hunt for a while, but life keeps getting in the way.  Maybe sometime this summer.  Thanks for the ideas.
That sounds like an awesome idea. You have a very lucky wife! 
Curious to see what romantics we have out there! 
This one time I told my then girlfriend to meet me at my house. I left a note on my door with a map to a nearby forest. At the edge of the forest I made a mandala of leaves and flowers. This mandala turned into a trail of leaves and rose petals leading to a special tree where I left a card and a heart out of rose petals. I was waiting behind this tree when she arrived. I then said we should take a walk in the nearby botanical gardens as some of my favorite flowers were in bloom. As we rounded the bend I coughed to alert my friend. He began to play our song on guitar which we had been working on. "we should be together" by America. I prepared a picnic with foods from a local macrobiotic French chef. We had lunch while my friend sung love songs. I couldn't believe I pulled it all off. The food was still hot. Though I think the romantic in me appreciated it more then she did. No regrets! Make life magic! <3
I'm surprising my boyfriend with a trip to the beach, he hasn't been in 10 years so I had to fix that! I can't wait to see his face next weekend when we get on the island, makes every dollar worth it and more.
I'm surprising my boyfriend with a trip to Disneyland :) I've saved up $300 so I can get him a ticket and get food, gas, whatever else. he doesn't know we're going there and I'm
gonna blindfold him for the car ride up there so he doesn't get an idea until we step out of the car. I'm so excited, especially since he hasn't been in awhile, I go almost every month and I'm kind of a Disney freak if you can't tell. :)
I think reading that comment just made my life 10 times better.
It's like a movie scene! Good job :)
Wow that truly is amazing. Good job (: 
How sweet! I love stuff like that. Something that's very personal and well thought out is my favorite.
Aww I am glad. It's amazing what we can do when we just want to make life more magical. Don't let fear get in the way just love with a full open heart. Even if it doesn't last it will be worth it for the memories. 

Strange... I put this on [r/lovehurts](http://www.reddit.com/r/lovehurts) 2 months ago ...I guess were not so different after all.
Very awesome.  Thank you!

I didn't know what a home was until I met you. It wasn't instantaneous. It was a slow build as we both found ourselves
leeching our war-torn hearts from disappointing relationships. I needed a friend. You suddenly found me attractive and worth
speaking to after two or three years of going to the same college, having the same friends, going to the same parties, ecetera.
I spent months trying to figure you out, and you spent those same months vying for my attention/affection. Eventually, we both found our common ground and began to build something. 

You took me to a party with people I barely knew, and I stuck by your
side to avoid feeling like an outcast. We played beerpong and won, we ate jello shots and drank, and we returned to your
apartment and cuddled. It wasn't the sex, or the pot, or your playful nature that won me over. As we slept in your bed, you shifted onto your side in the middle of night. Before you drifted back to sleep,
you turned and planted the softest kiss on my shoulder. I remember being half awake, feeling equally elated and confused
by this gesture. I never experienced anything like that before. But something happened at that moment: My body relaxed,
I smiled, and my heart skipped a beat. I became truly infatuated with you. 

That was a year ago. You still do the very same thing: Turn over in your sleep, never fully awake. Every now and then,
you plant a kiss on some part of my body. It is sincerely my favorite thing that you do. Whenever I feel you stir at night,
if I am semi-concious, I curl up next to you in anticipation. 

In your arms, I am home. You hold me in such a way that I have no desire to let go. I can curl into the crook of your arm
and feel the most comfort I have felt in years. I can feel your chest rise and fall, and it can lull me to sleep with ease.
I can feel your lips on the tip of my head, and your arms tighten around me as if you were afraid I would float away if
you didn't hold me firmly to your body. I have never felt any of this. And now I know that this is home. 

Home is not a physical manifestation like a house or a city. Home is a feeling. It is the feeling that your heart is firmly set in 
place, the feeling of safety, and the feeling of happiness wherever you go. Sometimes the wind will rattle those
windows or extinguish the power for an hour, a day, a week. No matter. If it's a real home, it will hold up. If you have the right
tools, you can rebuild it. 

I don't want to lose my home. I thought I understood what that was like when I moved away for college four years ago.
However, you eventually deal with it. You grow and establish yourself a new residence. I never understood the fear of 
losing a home until I imagined a place without you. And the thought breaks my heart or threatens to snap it in half. 
And so I am always cleaning house, furnishing it, adding new things. This is why I still have some insecurities.
This is why I still have few nightmares of a girl, 3000 miles away, taking you away from me. This is why I try so hard, but
always cry at the thought of failing. I don't want my foundation to fall apart. 

I know that things may not last. I know not to expect everything for the future. But I can tell you now that the work
I've done is the best I've done in a very long time. Your arms are the only home I need, and they give me a glimmer of
hope that wherever I go, I will never be lost. I am in love with my home, no matter how run down it may be after sometime. 
That will never change. 

[deleted]
Sometimes, I like to play a game that I would ask a very good looking girl what it would take to attract someone exactly like her. Then you would know what to do to date her. Here you volunteered we just need to give you a little kiss, in bed, after sex. Catch 22.
Well thank you. I just kind of wrote this on an emotional whim :)
[deleted]
Indeed, sir.
[deleted]
Ahhh, I apologize. :) Thank you for understanding either way. I wrote this for my boyfriend, but I didn't show it to him until the other day. My boyfriend often has moody moments, so I sent it to him so that he will always have something to look at when he feels the world weighing heavily on his shoulders. 

let me note that he is not a redditor and hey made this in class for me


After reading some of the other posts I realize that beeping hit by a car and dying instantly is better then have to go through surgery from it but yet again she only lived for a year not a long life but it was a full one full of love and care. She was taken back to the pet shop twice due to allergies and on my second last week working there she was brought In for the last time I'm getting tears wrighting this I will miss here .....FUCK I HATE PEOPLE SOME TIMES after a good cry I'm back you know she used to kiss me and not just lick me she would move out of her way to press her lips against mine she truely chose me. She will be forever missed
I want to let my wife know that I love her. I work 5 days a week out of town. I know that if I send her a text message / facebook msg saying that I love her, she will accuse me of drinking. Who cares, I love you!
Try sending her a message in the afternoon or something, like "I've been thinking about how much I love you all morning! <3". 

Or just try and tell her more in real life too, so she doesn't think you've been drinking.

Something more than just "i love you" might help, so she can see you can text properly ;)

I know I'm late to the party. Good luck, if you ever see this!
Your wife thinks you've been drinking when you tell her you love her?

Something doesn't sound right.

You're married, thus I assume you are an adult. Why is drinking such an issue?
you don't understand why a wife doesn't want a husband to drink... you're either a child or never had a relationship that lasted longer than a year...
Shit, I can't even legally go out to drink. I'm only 20, but still I really don't understand why it would be an issue. Unless you're getting belligerently blackout drunk.
It isn't normal for your wife to immediately assume you've been drinking when you say you love her. Something is wrong, and the only one being childish here is you for insulting the people you came to for help.
I grew up in a very loveless, hate-filled home. My dating life was nothing more than going through the motions, because when you are a teenager, that's what you do. I was quite confident after seeing my parent's marriage, I would never get married and spare myself that misery. 

When I met the first person I fell in love with, he was the last person I'd ever expect to date. After a surprising and unexpected kiss, we ended up dating for three and a half years and my stance on marriage and love in general changed. Love was possible, even for a broken person like myself. I can't count the times we laughed and danced together, loving each others company. I saw myself having a family with him. He loved children. He was free-spirited and carefree. He seemed to love life. 

But, as life dictates, things must change. He became quiet, secretive, and would wave off any problem I felt we needed to discuss. After supporting him after failing out of school, getting a DUI, and even sexually assaulting me, the straw that broke the camel's back after all that time was him not willing to talk through any issue. After countless nights of crying myself to sleep, thinking back on the wonderful times we had, and even doubting my own discomfort after being held down and forcibly fucked without my consent, I walked. I had grieved toward the end enough and it wasn't as heartbreaking as one would assume after being with your first love for that long. 

My mother would always tell me that it's okay to end it if you don't think its right. She said there are many men to meet and many will treat you just as well, if not better. I never took much stock in my mothers words when I was younger, as young people often do. But she was right. I did meet someone. 

I met him at a bar, going out with co-workers, enjoying single life and freedom. I knew him previously. He was in the same program as me when I took that major at college and worked at the liquor store so he sold me booze a handful of times. We were re-introduced by my co-worker who went to high school many moons ago with him, and we commenced talking. We had both taken Japanese in school and drunkingly spoke to each other in it. My co-workers eventually left me alone, seeing that I was preoccupied. I was.

As cynical, broken, and reluctant as I was after that first love, I took a plunge because what did I really have to lose? It worked out. No one has been more tender, sweet, endearing, and thoughtful as this man has. His eyes sparkle when he laughs. He looks at me with such tenderness that it melts my heart. He carried a desk someone left on a curb because he knew I needed one without being asked.  I sprained my ankle and he took it on himself to carry me up and down my stairs in my apartment building. He's done my laundry because it was his day off and he simply could. 

I am sorry I am gushing, r/love. I'm just over the moon. I have this great urge to explain my happiness. We've been dating for a few months now and I am still astonished by how good this man is and how I fell for him. I want to be just as good to him as he is to me. 

Here's some words of hope to those who split with a serious partner: It gets better. It does, trust me. And oftentimes, it works even better than you expected. Keep your chin up. 
That made my day.
=']
To Whoever you are,

I don’t know that you quite get it yet.  Maybe you do.  It’s a pretty hard thing to get.

Things so massive that they are impossible to put into the mind have crashed together and warred.  This universe coalesced from the birth and death of galaxies.  We were born from the aether and yet are made from parts of infinite intricacy.  And you doubt that you are beautiful.  You doubt that you are special.  Don’t.

I don’t know what this is all about or what the grand purpose is.  If it even has a grand purpose.  Maybe this whole delicate construction is just a giant music box.  The components will click together and two dancers will rise out of the middle.  The music starts playing.

Because that is what I want.  I want to take you dancing.  I want some grand ballroom where we are in the center of a room full of people and the air smells like fresh-cut wood or peaches or homemade ice cream.

I want to show you a river and see what you look like standing ankle deep on the smooth, round rocks in that clear stream.

I want to get drunk as hell with you in the corner of a bar and hear you go on for hours about something, anything, everything.  

I want to hold your hand in the house you grew up in. 

I want us to go to an art supply store and pick up things haphazardly, then take them home and make wild, mad creations while watching a terrible movie.

I want to be terrified, absolutely terrified, of losing someone.

I want to get into fights then laugh it off and really forget about it.

And I know you are right there because I have seen you.  I have seen your silhouette on the marquee screens of my dreams.  I have seen your laughter flicker in lamplight reflection off someone else’s eyes.  When I looked for you there, you were gone.  But I had seen you.  I know you are there.

Believe me, you are beautiful.  I’ve seen you.

I will just have to turn the key on the music box until I see you again.

From,

Me

I typed in r/love guessing there would be a subreddit there this is exactly what I was hoping to find.
This is absolutely beautiful
I liked these lines in particular:

I want to hold your hand in the house you grew up in.

I want us to go to an art supply store and pick up things haphazardly, then take them home and make wild, mad creations while watching a terrible movie.

I want to be terrified, absolutely terrified, of losing someone.
This is so beautiful. SO beautiful. I'm going to pretend (or maybe hope) it's about me. It describes so beautifully how I feel about someone, and how much I wish they felt this about me. Maybe they do. Maybe it's you (okay I know it isn't).

>I want some grand ballroom where we are in the center of a room full of people and the air smells like fresh-cut wood or peaches or homemade ice cream.

So lovely.
Dear You,

I try so hard to believe that I am beautiful and I am special.  Even though I know that my insecurity, my lack of confidence, is what keeps us from being together I just can't find the courage to throw everything aside and show you how much I love you.  

Because it is with you that I find beauty, it is with you that I feel special.  

I've seen you staring at those marquee screens as even in my dreams I hide from you.  But I see you, your beautiful face, your smile lighting up the path in those dark corners in my dreams.  

If only we could penetrate realities barriers and show up in that dream land and embrace each other with a passion and energy so great that even we could not let go of. 

You are so beautiful and special to me, perhaps this is why having you by my side is the mandatory requisite to realizing my beauty. 

But when you turn the key and open the box, when I see you smiling at me all the magnificence of the universe will build up inside me, and then I will feel special. 
Geez, I'm at work, this is making me all teary damn it.

*edit: thank you whoever you are
I feel so grateful to all of you and your comments.  I hope you are there music box dancer, I have my dancing shoes on.
thats lovely :)
So beautiful. <3
That was terrific, thank you for sharing. It inspired me.

My music box girl takes one last dance before we close the lid and hide the key. The memories I have may dim over time, blur at the edges, but nothing can ever take away the time we had. - you'll forever have a spot in the deepest corner of my heart, tucked safely away from the prying fingers of regret.  

As I close the lid on what was, remember what always will be: late nights spent hand in hand, and the times we said "I love you" without saying anything at all. 

Farewell, Little Firefly.
You helped me finally get over my confidence issues and understand that my fear of myself was keeping me from making a connection with the person I really care about.  

Although I still have a way to go to strengthen this connection and get over my insecurities your simple words did help establish that first crucial step.

Wish you the best. 
I decided to snag a small bouquet of roses, and some breakfast foods to cook for my girlfriend :D  I'll be waking her up in an hour and a half for a homemade breakfast and flowers.

The best part about it, is that I'm not (nor have I ever) done this because I'm making up for something I did, or trying to earn something from her.  I just want to do it, because I love her, and it feels incredible.  Sorry if you found it boring, I just wanted to share.

tl;dr  Flowers and breakfast for my girlfriend.
Did the same for my last SO before she went to a funeral. She really appreciated it and it is a nice way to show someone that you just care. 
Damn..... she apparently spent the night at her mom's house.  So now I have a breakfast for two to myself....  failromance....
We all need to start somewhere.Congrats on making the first step.That my friend,is romantic in of itself.
I know how you feel OP.
Just the other day I had some neighbors shoot off fireworks in front of my place while I had my new girl over. I gave her a rose and she fell instantly, I sang to her, and whispered into her ear in spanish while playing massari.

that night went really well.
damn :P
^^ very nice!  I'm glad there's more people out there who are just... that way.
It's the thought that counts. 

You did perfectly. 
That's too bad but bro-fist for being a real man.
Dayum, kudos to that!
Yeah she came over later on and was very apologetic (Despite me telling her it's totally not her fault), but she did get the roses I got her and the message I sent with them which was just awesome, at least I (and she) thought.

Speaking of that note....  http://imgur.com/3A0QW  There it is :D
Yeah it sucked, but we went out to eat that night, and she nearly cried (happily) after reading the note that came with the flowers, so it was overall a successful endeavor regardless.

But still, awesome excuse to bro-fist!
D'awwwwww!
jeeez that's cute.
I'm glad to here it went well after all. :D
Thaaaaaaanks I spose :D



Nice post card.

That orange barcode is used by the government to track the mail.
<tinfoil hat>
oh, she noticed
One Internet to you for noticing a postal item.
This is from post secret,  hence why that is likely there.
I made a mistake. I left her. Unexpectedly and painfully. Too much happening all at once. She is trying someone new. She unexpectedly invited me back into her life. As a friend. I want more, but, more than I want more, I want more for her. I care about her more than I care about being with her. She seeks me out for advice. I tell her new love things that she loved to do and the little things that make her smile. I do my best to show that I care, even if we are no longer together. I make mistakes, but she trusts and knows my intentions and gifts me with a place in her life. I'll leave soon, but when I do, I want to leave behind a lifetime of love fufilled. I want to leave her with words to give her strength when she needs it most. I want to leave her with a partner, not just a boyfriend. I want to make amends the best I can for everything I did to hurt her. I want to give her the same chance, to lighten her load and ease her burden. I want to leave both forgiven and a forgiver. I want her to know that she is worthy of love and deserves it more than anyone else. I want to leave, but I want her to know that should she be backed into a corner and need a hand, I'll gladly come and lend mine. I will leave soon and I will live on. I will leave soon and I will love on.
this is beautiful, you're a good human being. keep it up.
I was minding my own business playing on my phone and I look up and see this beautiful girl that I've never seen before, never spoken too. I admirer her from a distances and she's like no other... I don't know... I just feel like my soul has found its other half. She just gives off wonderful vibes and Id love to talk to her. 

Happens all the time in the bus, and very rarely I see them again - but I cherish those moments nevertheless.
If you see her again... Or you feel this way again with someone else you see... **Talk. To. Her**
Yess! First bf though so could just be weird teenage hormones

About two years ago i was walking through the town centre when i saw the most beautiful girl i've ever seen she had long red hair, we made eye contact for only a second but i will never remember her eyes looking back at me.
Same here. I can sympathize with you on the matter. Let things take its course... If fate has it- you'll meet again.

Yes, skinny teenager with brown hair applying for a job at Hancock Fabrics with his mom. He was quietly singing "that's amore" 
He was older than me (probably 15 or so). I was already painfully shy and didn't talk to him. I've always wondered about him and regretted not meeting him at least.
That's the first time it's happened to me
In the bus? Lolololol. It's not love then 😂
How do know it isn't?

It's all too true. 
It's human to be insecure, and have doubts. Its the lies and unfaithfulness that is something that is left up to the person. It's sad that love is so beautiful yet so much ugliness tends to come from it. 
🙏🙏
I have had many jobs, over many years. I have finished many levels of education. I have had many experiences in life.
However, I've had no greater intellectual or emotional growth than when in a relationship.
Each time, we learn how to read another person with zero contemplation time. Like you're reading your own brain - with zero hesitation. 
You grow to become a person who thinks of two lives rather than one. Every action is seen through two eyes. I think your mind's perception of life changes immensely. 
Your interpretation of a specific scenario is no longer singular!
So, now instead of a singular interpretation - it's doubled.
Hence the intellectual growth.

And the emotional... Wow.
I've been "in love" countless times. I'm a new person every time I fall in love with someone. We all shift to a personality that we feel suits us per relationship. We grow our world views based on our partners' views. Maybe things we had previously had closed-view opinions on start to seem trivial.
I've been the needy, clingy, smothering partner before.
And I've now been on the other side.
After countless relationships, I have found the one that balances me in every way.
I've had such varied experiences that I can finally appreciate a pure, healthy and beneficial relationship.

There is something to be said when you reach the other side of breakups. Start looking at things as growth instead of loss. 
Each relationship teaches you more about yourself, broadens your world view, and shows you sides of yourself that might have otherwise been hidden.

SO LOVE. BE LOVED. CRY. LAUGH. FEEL ANYTHING. AND EVERYTHING.
Here! Here!! I agree.. kudos to strength within unity. Even when it ends there is good that can come from it. Everything is perspective, and yours is a great one.


They say it's wonderful, they say it's magical. They say you know when it is, They say it's a wonderful feeling. They say it just happens. 
No, it isn't.
Love, for me, is how I feel for you. It didn't just happen. I got to know you and I adored the soul that you are. I was in awe, day after day, as I slowly got to know you. I've never met anyone who'd want to be; who was, as selfless, caring and innocent as you are. 
I've never known anyone who kept their priorities and stuck to it. I've never known anyone who was so at peace with their life that they could just close their eyes and go to sleep. I've come across quite a few people in my life, and none of them have made me look at life the way you do. That no matter what, no matter what. If you can hope and pray and believe in yourself, you can make it alright. Even if it isn't, it's what your soul needs you to believe, it's what makes you function. It's what makes you want to live another day. 
I've never met a person who'd be loving enough to not swat a bug, and instead, push it away. I've never met anyone who's so caring that they'd give their slippers to someone who doesn't have them, in the blistering heat. I've never known an empath, someone who cares for this world like it's their own, even after knowing they're one in 6 billion people. I've known extroverts and utterly talkative people, but nobody who could take five minutes off when they're feeling off and come back as happy and optimistic as you are. 
You, are everything I'm not. 
I'm a realist and I can't bring myself to believe that love is a fairytale with a garden of roses and everything else. I think I went through that once and was proved wrong, with it taking a fair toll on me. 
Every minute I get to spend with you, every day I get to be there for you, every second I spend caring about you and telling you it's going to be okay, even when I stopped believing so, is love. 
I can't love you like you love me. I can't write words beautifully and express myself like you do, so much that it's artistic in its own beautiful way. I can't open up my heart to you as easily as you can, and put it into words and make you understand how you make me feel. But I can hold your hand through it all. I will, be there for you. I will support you through the best and the worst times of our lives, and give everything in me to see you accomplish your dreams. I have chosen to love you, and I will choose to love you. I will always choose to love you if I had to make a choice. Because you're the best thing to happen to me, even when I thought I'd never get back up from what life had thrown at me. But he did bring you to me, and I'll forever be grateful for that. He saved me through you, my saviour. 
I know I'm still a mess. I am holding the last straw and desperately clutching on to it and trying to stop my family from falling apart. And you, being there with me, is all the strength I have that keeps me going. And just because you say so, I know that one day it's going to be okay. My dad will accept my brother back to our family, and he will talk to us properly, and mother will be happy with where our life has come. I will get to stand in a proper family photo that I've seen with everyone else, excluding me. That twenty years of drama and stubbornness will come to a happy ending. I somehow believe that, only after you've come in my life. I also believe that, on some level, that will happen because of you. 
I've never met a soul that radiates happiness like you do. With a pair of eyes that look at me like I'm everything to you, and a heart that's as kind and loving as yours. 
You make me want to be more like you. 
The past year has been absolutely wonderful with you, and I, for one, know that it's just the beginning. Because good things happen to good people, and you're the best thing to happen to me. 
Happy one year. :)
Wow, really well written. How did she react? 
she was supposed to read it coming Friday. But she had a rough day and I sent her the link, and she was speechless. still wish i couldve seen her expression when i gave it to her handwritten like i planned to. 
I don't know why but this Arcade Fire song came to mind when thinking about the lost art of writing letters https://youtu.be/kJ7osdJ4H_8
Ok so I'm young I just turned 18 and thought that love was just liking someone and wanting to spend time with them. But suddenly it has changed, I have met a girl that I feel I can tell anything too and do anything with. She is perfect, she is an angel. I can't stop thinking about her. All of my thoughts are of her, of making her happy, of holding her, of kissing her; yet I am still filled with fear that I will lose it. She has showed she cares for me but I sit and torture myself thinking that she will cut off my love. It's like a drug that I feel I can't live without.

Fuck, I just kind of ranted about my feelings and didn't re read it. If it's stupid I don't care it was a spur of the moment thing.
I'm feeling the same way now, for the first time in my life, at 32. I wish we knew how how to not be scared and enjoy this. I think we're both going to destroy it.
It's nice to know that all of your thoughts are of her and making her happy and holding her and kissing her. That's what I like to hear from a guy. I don't see many guys crave that.
I always knew about love. I wanted it. I thought it hit me a few times but I do not believe it really did till I was a junior in high skool. I met this girl. We had something. Nothing official. We had a moment together but she ran away and drama came up with other people about it. I then moved on. But no matter what I do, I cannot get away from her. She always comes around in one way or another. I moved away and she shows up at my door. I disappear from the earth, she shows up again. She invades me dreams. I miss her. Though she has done it again. Is here again. Writings songs about her. Ahh. 
Don't be afraid. Love will find you, one way or another. 
The love was so quick, so fast, and I fell so hard. After months of having the desire to focus on myself for once, I was suddenly thrust into a conversation with someone and within days I felt alive again. Now it's all gone. I guess I should cherish it for what it was and be happy I even lived it 
Yes. Always. Embrace the fact you could love and feel loved in return. Even if it was just for a moment. You will always learn from experiences like these, because through your ability to love another you learn about yourself. Thats what i learned. I'm sure you will get a similar sensation. 
Me too. 
So I'm wildly in love with my coworker, which I know is a bad way to start a post. But everytime I see her, we both get huge smiles and one of us just has to do the tiniest thing and we both start laughing away! 

I've had crushes in the past, but since most of them has gone to shit, I've sort of trained myself to diminish the thought. But for some reason, she's gotten under my skin, and all I want to do is spend time with her. 

I don't know what it is that drives me crazy. I think it's everything, from how beautiful she is, to how she makes me laugh, and how every moment I spend with her is like floating! So far, we've only been on one date, where we went to a store, then lied in the park for a couple hours and just talked and laughed.

I'm really nervous about giving her my heart, since I've kept myself from heartbreak by not falling, but with her, I feel like if I don't give my all, I'll only be more disappointed with myself.

Oh well, I'm going to invite her out for coffee tomorrow! Thanks for reading!

EDIT: Wow, I never expected this to need a follow-up! We've been out together a few times since I posted first this. But overall, we're both really happy together and we're both having a lot of fun! :)
Good luck! I hope it all works out for you.
crossing my fingers for you pal.


Best of luck!! 

How did it go?
how'd it go? :P tell me please it sounds cute af
This is really sweet. If you have feelings for her, go for it and give her your heart. Follow what feels right to you and everything will work out. Good luck!
No follow up?

FTFY: One day someone is going to hug you so tigh, that all of your broken pieces will stick back together.
Does that mean fixed that for you? If so, you forgot the t on tight. 

Unfair advantage4 to use a dog! She had no choice but to say yes!
I like to pretend she'd have said yes regardless... Lol but just to be sure ;)
I’m a first year doctor working in a cancer hospital.  I saw true love – on Valentine’s Day, no less. And I have to share it. My head and heart may burst otherwise.

One of the joys (thick sarcasm here) of being an intern is getting to cover the hospital at night. This means taking care of anywhere from fifty to seventy patients during the hours when the patients’ primary teams are home living their lives outside the hospital.  This also means I don’t know the patients that well, other than what I’m told by the resident who signs them out.  Needless to say, it’s fucking terrifying, and probably not all that safe. But it’s a ubiquitous practice in healthcare, and necessary.  And to be fair, my job is not to cure anybody. It’s mostly writing orders for sleep and pain medication, following-up blood tests, and knowing who to call for help when you see that a patient is getting really sick.

I got a call early in the evening from a nurse who was worried about her patient’s IV line. She thought it looked a little funky, and wanted my opinion about whether or not it was infected. In patients with leukemia, a type of blood cancer, even the tiniest infections can quickly become life threatening. So I went to go see the patient.  

When I walked into the room, there was this sweet old lady sipping her apple juice and eating the last of her graham crackers. She didn’t have much of an appetite, thanks to her fungal pneumonia, and thanks to the experimental chemotherapeutic drug she had just started.  Unfortunately, her disease hadn’t responded to conventional chemotherapy – so this drug was a last ditch effort. 

By this point, the leukemia had fucked enough with her red blood cells that she needed daily transfusions in order to keep from becoming profoundly anemic. It had fucked with her healthy white blood cells enough, that there were none left to fight infections (hence, the fungal pneumonia). It had completely fucked with her platelets, the cells needed to help kick-start blood clots. Normal platelet levels are between 150,000 and 400,000 per cubic millimeter. This lady had 2,000 – well below the level needed to prevent spontaneous bleeding. And daily platelet transfusions had done nothing to bring her numbers up.

All things considered, she looked great. Her IV line looked good too. It was just a little irritated from when it was replaced earlier in the day. We chewed the fat for a few minutes, chatting about which state produces the best apples, and whether apple juice or apple cider is better. I said goodbye, and wished her a good night.

Fifteen minutes later, I got a call from the same nurse that our lady was unresponsive. I had the nurse call a rapid response – which in our hospital buys you a timely ICU consult – and went to see her.  She was now slumped over in bed, empty apple juice still in hand, unresponsive to voice, unresponsive to a really hard knuckle rub on the sternum. Her heart was still beating well. But her breathing was more labored. And when I looked into her eyes, her right pupil was widely dilated, and wouldn’t constrict in light – not a good sign. With the rapid change in her mental status, agonal breathing, blown pupil, and platelets level of 2,000 – everything was pointing toward a spontaneous brain bleed. So I called the neurologist, and ordered a CT scan of the head to get that ball rolling. 

In the meantime, I confirmed that her husband was the designated health care proxy, or her surrogate decision maker, and I gave him a call at home. When he picked up, he immediately went into the classic old-man speech about “do you have any idea what time it is??” – I cut him off right away, told him who I was, what was happening and that his wife may need to have a tube placed in her throat to help her breathe. We wanted to confirm that this was in line with her wishes before it became necessary. He said it was, and started on his way to the hospital.  In the interim, her breathing did become more labored, and the ICU intubated and put her on a ventilator. 

She was transported to the CT scanner, ventilator in tow, and had images taken. To my horror, they showed a massive hemorrhage in the left frontal lobe, which at this point had grown enough to push healthy brain away from the midline. In just about every other area of the body, you can bleed internally, and the tissues will stretch to accommodate the growing volume of blood. This is not so in the head. The bony skull is too rigid in adults to give way to high internal pressures. So what eventually happens, is that the blood pools in brain, and pushes all of the tissue out of a hole called the foramen magnum, where the spinal cord enters the skull. Vital brain stem structures that control breathing get squished, and the patient dies. This is what was going to happen to this patient, without a doubt, within the next hour or so. No question. Nothing that any neurosurgeon, or miracle worker could do about it.  Though we knew it already, it was our job to break this awful news to her husband when he arrived, in the early hours of Valentine’s Day. 

The ICU fellow and I met him when he arrived at the hospital. He was a gentle old man, and had a youthful energy about him that you wouldn’t expect for someone who had spent the last few years running to and from the hospital almost every day. He struck me as one of the rare people who are so comfortable just being, that it brings comfort to everyone else around them. This was good, because my guts were in a wicked twist at the thought of having this conversation. I would’ve puked if it weren’t for his calming aura.

The three of us sat down in a quiet conference room, and the ICU fellow walked through everything. The sudden change in his wife’s condition, the brain bleed, the lack of options, the fact that she would die from it without artificial support. And at the end, a question was posed to the husband about how he would like to proceed. Keep her on the ventilator, keep her breathing, but with no hope of reversing the condition? Or take out the breathing tube, and make her comfortable in her last moments? 

He looked at me and said he knew the leukemia had been winning the battle for a while. That the experimental drug was their last Hail Mary. That “those damn platelets just wouldn’t budge,” and that he knew the end was close. If it weren’t the bleeding that killed her, it would be the infection, or something else unpleasant. He didn’t want her to die with tubes in her throat, or to endure violent, futile chest compressions. He wanted the tube pulled. And he wanted “his love to be comfortable.” After verbalizing this, he looked me in the eye, and asked if I agreed. The lump in my throat dropped to my stomach, and exploded – but I managed to nod, and say yes. 

So that’s what happened. She was extubated, placed on a morphine drip for comfort, and helped to die peacefully. After she died, her husband wanted a few extra moments with her. As I turned to close the door behind me, he leaned down and kissed her forehead. It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen in my life. I fucking lost it right there in the hallway.  


[deleted]
And I've lost it right here on the couch. Thank you so very much for sharing this. Last week, my Grandmother died peacefully with my Grandfather by her side. It is the greatest gift i'll ever receive, to know that she went peacefully. I'm so glad that this beautiful man allowed his wife that privilege. xx
Ended reading this post in tears.

Thank you for sharing. What a profound, true love story. 
Thanks for reading my long post. I know what you mean too about wanting to cry, and not being able to. It's hard to show emotion when you've been ridiculed for it. To that end, I think it sucks that people get bullied for showing emotion (or for any reason). But kids and adults alike are all guilty of this. I remember when I was a medical student, one of my residents told me that I should never cry in front of patients. That it was our duty as doctors to be "emotionally stable" for our patients and their families. I think that's garbage. What I didn't say in the original post, is that the patient's husband came out into the hallway and saw me in tears. I tried to "buck up," like I've been told to do so many times in my life. But to my relief, he gave me a hug and thanked us all for caring so much. 

Haha you got that disney prince love bro
This is so sweet
First was this year, second about 2 or so years ago.

:,) what a way to start my day. Thank you for this! I shared it with my S.O.
Beautiful story, I am tearing up and smiling simultaneously... :') love like theirs is touching  


Source: http://youtu.be/C8zu5Qn2XYs
Sometimes, people don't suck.  Thanks for sharing this.


On the other end of the spectrum, my parents had an arranged marriage when they were 21. Fell in love with each other after marriage, had 4 kids, and are incredibly happy with the lives they lead. They don't regret what might have been. 

Why are you both using the same bathroom? 
Tell your girlfriend that a random Swedish girl on the Internet finds her to be very attractive. And pretty. Don't forget pretty. I hope it will give her a pinch of happiness!
ooh you two are so cute together! :D
Once upon a time...  so in love they even poop together in public! That's real!! ( then the novelty wears off and she cuts off sex and he starts doin drugs n bar hoppin ) the end. 
because they're in love!
Duh. 



I added something for the end 

http://new.weavesilk.com/?rmct
I have been falling in love and getting my getting my heart broken since I was 10.  The most recent occurency of a sad ending to a relationship inspired this.  The "silk" link is from r/trees, this was the first time I used it and this just came out, like it knew what i was feeling. As a narrative it show love and beauty coming together and then it shows the fear and pain of being alone and it ends with an infinity symbol. 


Edit:at the end it actually looks like sunglasses and a smile with the devil in my head.  figures, total emotional masochist.  

I cried :') too cute
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
I loved that part

AXECOP!


My girlfriend doesn't always understand why I like my late night texts coming in so quickly. I want all the ones I can get before my dreams take me away. <3 
Context: I would never tell one of my female friends "I love you" unless I meant it in a romantic non-platonic way. Whereas I use "love you" now and again to express affection. Also, some of my female friends often tell me via text and or email or whatever, "love you", "love you so much", "wuv u" etc, but it's always without the "I". So is this a general unspoken rule or is it just me? Does an "I" make such a difference?
Yeah it's more sincere if it's "I love you" but just "love you" or "love you so much" is more like how much you care about and appreciate someone in a platonic way. I follow this rule, so I think you hit the nail on the head. It might be easier for me as a girl to get away with saying "I love you" to a close guy friend and not mean it in a romantic way; I've done it before and it's usually taken as more of an affectionate compliment that says, "I think you're really awesome and I'm so glad we're friends."
I go with the George Carlin sentiment that it doesn't matter what words you use, it is the feeling behind them.  If you really love someone, you can say just about anything and it will come across.  Except saying, "ditto."  Don't fucking go there.
I think so. If I'm telling someone I love them, I'm definitely sticking the 'I' in there. I don't know why the 'I' matters, it just sounds more sincere.
I had not thought about how much the "I" could mean. Now I know I will be paying attention to how I address my family, friends, and SO. I think that if you are going to tell someone you love them, and truly love them in a romantic way, saying the 3 words holds more than a quick "love you." However, there is always the exception for when you have caught your SO in a situation where you get the quick "mm you too" response cause the SO is too *something* to say the 3 words in front of friends.
It definitely makes a difference.  When I was with my ex I said "I love you" all the time.  We're still good friends now but I just say "love you" now.
This concept of love confuses and infuriates me.
I agree with you, mostly. My best friend (who is a girl) and I always end our conversations with "Love you!". Sometimes we say "I love you [insert nickname]" if it's for an occasion (if one of us is feeling down and needs to be loved) but we understand that it's a lot different than telling a significant other that you love them.
"Love you" is far less committed. You could mean, they love you, it loves you, Sponge Bob loves you, and on and on. "I love you" removes any doubt. It would seem that since you are saying"love you" that the "I" is implied, but it isn't fully, and we subconsciously understand this.
I've definitely said "I know" more than twice. Just like Hans Solo.
I think that I often makes things less aggressive sounding as well.
I feel more okay than I have felt in a long time. I still miss you, but I think we'll find each other again soon, in whatever shape or form that may be.

Meanwhile, I wanted to say thank you for everything. 

You loved me at a time when I didn't know how to love myself yet; even if you're not here now, you gave me the strength I needed to start learning to love myself. It was so easy to go to you with my problems because you were so supportive, but ultimately I forgot how to stand on my two feet. You're right in that there probably were a million reasons why we fell apart, but my lack of ability to love myself and my lack of independence could certainly be seen as a root of many of those problems. I'm so sorry you had to shoulder so much-my pain on top of yours-during the time we were together, and I'm sorry for my part in everything. I don't resent you at all (I'm sorry that I ever said I could), and I'm learning to forgive myself too.

I'm learning from this, and taking care of myself now. I feel healthier than I have in a while, because for the first time, I'm making an effort to be strong and love myself. You said you didn't want to go back and this was probably best for the long term. I don't want to go back either, because that relationship wasn't the best for the both of us, but I hope we can move forward together someday. This time apart may be helpful for both of us to become stronger, a little wiser  and healthier, and maybe one day soon, we can make each other happy again. Maybe this time apart will be something we can look back on as an event that was, indeed, better for our longterm relationship. I hope so. 

Until then, I'll be growing, learning, and remembering you for everything you have given me. Thank you for everything and for being all that you are. I love you always. 

Just maybe, when you have your life in order you can have the relationship with her like how you wanted to.
Eerily similar to my situation!  Except I realized something today: You want and deserve someone that will love you back.  Even if this particular event was the only way you could have been prompted to learn to love yourself, this person chose to not keep trying in the face of those problems.  The rejection hurts, the realization that they aren't right for you (at least right now) hurts, but what doesn't hurt is realizing that you can love yourself, slowly, more completely, and deeper than you ever have!

You have things, whether that means you are pursuing goals, edifying yourself, or just the time to breathe and be a person learning to be on your own, you are just as complete alone as you were with them.  Don't ever give up learning how to love yourself.  I know I could never go back to a non-existent self-worth, a depreciating self-value, a craving and a need to devour the person you love until there's nothing left of them to fill the hole only you can fill.

I love my ex, too.  Don't get me wrong, but for me, it'll be important to learn how to let them go and shut down my ruminations of them and what might've been, so that exactly as you say, maybe someday we can find a place in each other's lives.  Truthfully, I think it's paradoxical how I know I love them, and that maybe I've never really loved anyone, much less how I love them, until now.  But the encouraging and exciting part about loving myself for the first time is that I am no longer isolated in grief and an unwillingness to accept that I don't need them.  The kind of love I feel for them being so massive, so pure, so sublime, that I don't want to let them go is exactly why I need to.  And perhaps a little presumptuously, I'd say the same seems true for you.

Keep pushing yourself!  Celebrate yourself, and invest in yourself, and the right person will see that.  For the both of us, honestly, I hope it's the people we want, but it might be someone else, and it'll be important to live without expectation until then.

Good luck :)
*him. And thank you. 
Sorry for the fuckup.
“Too often people think of love as just a word and not as a whole way of life.” – The Coffee Prophet
I just really want to know what the love of my life would be like, what would our connection be like, our chemistry, our family, everything.. you know?

I wonder if it's even possible to have such a thing, I definitely hope so..  

I just want someone so special, and to be so special for someone. To feel this true, powerful passion. True, real love.

But all I am is alone, but better alone, than with the wrong one !
I think about it often actually. But I miss the feeling of having someone by my side when I'm single. 
All the time.
Not really.  I experienced it, until she decided she didn't feel the same way anymore.  No one else ever gave me that special feeling in my stomach. 

I've been dating someone for like almost a year now and I just don't really care.  It's not the same.  But it'll never be the same.  Sigh.  Life is stupid. 
All the time ! I was watching the walking dead and thought to myself wouldn't be awesome if there was a zombie Apocalypse and I'd be with her and save her life and win her heart ! 
I had a girl that made me feel like no other, everything was electricity between us, we ended up being best friends for 3 years, closest I've ever been to anyone and well 3 years in we told each other our deepest secret which was that we cared for the other. But being young and having different beliefs at the time I ended things and hurt her beyond belief... I really wish I hadn't been so naive, I see her every once and awhile and get the biggest pain in my chest. But that's life and who knows maybe someone will come into my life and just be the love of my life! Or maybe someday the girl and I will start over and become romantic again.
Well, I've grown quite neutral actually.. but yes, I get you. I'm sorry person..
Have you ever had any love in your life?
same for me


since I've had a person beside me for just a week it has gotten really hard to not think about how every situation would be with her...
I hope we both do find the right one buddy :)
Yes
Yeah so be happy with it while it's with you.
Amen brother! Wish you all the best, people who really see love for the genuine beauty behind it truly deserve it.. but usually eat shit :(
it was only there for a week...
Unfortunately, that true. *raises glass* To our hopeful success
When I met you at that party late last year I could have never guessed that I'd end up falling so deeply for you. I was still hurt from a previous relationship a few years ago, my wall was up, and all I wanted at the time was a fuck buddy. To my surprise you had been through the same things and felt the same way.

You told me when we were both drunk in bed that time that it was fate that we found each other, you told me that I came into your life when you needed me, you told me that I make you want to be a better person. I feel the same way.

You're the first person to see me completely as I am. I've never felt so comfortable around someone, yet at the same time still go weak at the knees and get butterflies in my stomach when I think about them. I've never told anyone I loved them before, I was nervous but I told you, it was reciprocated. You told me that you would do anything for me, and babe I'd do anything for you. 

I've never had so much chemistry with anyone, we're so different and yet so similar at the same time. We just click, it feels like magic. I feel so fortunate to have such a beautiful, intelligent, and complex individual in my life. 

I have no idea where this is going to go, and I've learned that that's okay. However, I can't seem to stop myself from dreaming of a life with you. You've broken my wall down and I have absolutely no idea how you did it. You're everything I didn't think I needed. You're my first love, and I love you so much.
I thought love was a need, a convenient way to fill the gap, a great feeling.. etc etc that you see in movies. I was wrong.
I have told men that I have loved them, and I thought I did. They gave me butterflies, they knew how to kiss me, they bought me flowers on my birthday. There is one relationship in particular that I truly thought that this was it: I found my soulmate. This man did everything keeping my needs in mind. He never took a step without thinking about whether I wanted him to take it. He would argue with me when I felt argumentative, he'd make love to me when he knew I wanted to make love. When I looked in his eyes I saw everything that I needed: my mom liked him, for cripes sake. 
The only problem was, I still felt like something was missing. It happened mostly when he did little things that annoyed me: there were certain words that he pronounced wrong. There was this way he washed he dishes that made my hair stand on end. He told me he "never smokes" but I caught him with pot twice (I didn't really care that he smoked, it was the lying). None of these things are a "good reason" to breakup with someone, truly.BUT- something felt off. I just fell out of it. He would try to talk to me about the future, and all I could do was wince and pull out of his arms. I broke up with him seemingly out of nowhere after dates for over two years. It's been over a year since that relationship, and through determination and a promise to myself to avoid the dating scene like that plague, I got my dream job, an apartment, and a newfound self respect. Maybe it's because I am independent now and I have a new love for myself that made me more accepting of true love, but I would like to describe what I'm feeling-
When his BO is the best smell in the world.
When he's driving and you stare at him for an hour, and you don't realize an hour has passed.
When you fall asleep in the crook of his arm and have vivied dreams about what it will be like to wake up and see sunlight on his face.
When he leaves for work for a couple weeks so you stockpile old shirts of his to sleep in.
when you hug him goodbye and you hear "humphhhh" and his body sags into your hair and your neck, and neither of you move or say a word.
When you're showering together and the only he's staring at is your eyes.
When you go on a tangent about your probably boring job, realize you might be being boring but he tells you it's okay and to keep going.
When you want to learn everything about his job so you can imagine him doing even the most boring of tasks.
When you go through your day and every new thing that happens you wonder how he would react.
When you can be total dicks to each other and neither of you actually gets mad.
When you both get drunk at the bar, and the walk home is an Alice-in-Wonderland type adventure. 
When he sees you sloppy drunk at the bar and is simply there to make sure you don't hurt yourself on your two left feet.
When most of your jokes together turn into such well-rehearsed inside jokes that all you have to do is look at him and you both can't help but crack up. 
When you have bad anxiety problems but he can end an attack just by holding you or giving you that "now what stupid thing are you panicking about now" face.
When you fall asleep for a minute, and wake back up to him watching you sleep and playing with that cowlick in your hair that you now love because he loves to play with it. 
When cooking breakfast turns into a food fight.
When it feels more like he's your best friend than heis your boyfriend.
When there's that look in his eyes that says he'd tear down mountains just to make you happy, not because he's trying to look that way, just because it happens. Both of you were trying to avoid love, anyways. It only makes sense that you can only find true love when you're not looking for it, because it means that everything that happens to the two of you is something neither of you could control but so incredible that you let it happen.
This to me is true love, because he doesn't keep me in mind with every step. He doesn't do things when I want him to, and vice versa. Sometimes I'm feeling argumentative and he wants to make love. Sometimes we drive each other crazy with things we've already pointed out that we don't like that each other does- and sometimes they're not little things, like how he washes the dishes. The funny thing is, though, is that we simply coexist as ourselves and somehow our coexistence fits so wonderfully together that it feels as obvious as the grass is green that we are in love. 
I hope I explained that well without sounding too cheesy, and if I sounded cheesy I'm sorry there was no forewarning of the impending cheesiness of this post.
I don't think it's cheesy at all...I hope you find that guy. 
I've had this bookmarked for 2 months, and I thought I'd comment. This is really something. I've read this over countless times. Sometimes comparing it to my life, other times just to get that warm fuzzy feeling. You've certainly found something rare and irreplaceable, and I'm happy for you. Cherish it always.

I can only hope that one day I'll find what you described. Who knows, maybe even with the one I'm with now.
No one ever gets tired of loving. But every one gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies and hurting. Waiting for someone, even though you know they are never going to step in to your life again is the worst thing that could happen in a relationship. Life is too short to wait and waiting for love can feel like dying. Some may say that waiting is a sign of true love, but not all succeeds in waiting happily hoping that their true love will return. No matter how long it takes, true love is worth the wait these words are simple to put in a sentence but very difficult to apply in real life. Waiting for the one who you love more than you love yourself is never easy. Knowing the fact that the person you are waiting for isn’t aware that you are waiting can be the worst thing one could expect from a relationship. So stop waiting for the one who isn’t aware that you are waiting. Instead wait for the one who would do anything to be your everything.
Deep. But i guess that's why we came here. 
Damn. 
So I finally mustered the courage to confess my feelings to the girl of my dreams this evening.

She thought I were joking at first.

Then she started pleading I were joking.

The feeling wasn't mutual. The feeling isn't mutual.

Happy New Year.
Hey, it's better to know so you can move on.
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
Maybe we are working with different definitions of love here, but isn't it something you build over time, rooted in shared experiences and deep mutual (underline - *mutual*) understanding?

Love will come. New year, new start.
I found him. The man I'm going to spend the rest of my life with. 
It's been two years since we started dating, and about a year since I realized he's the one. 

I've been having the most amazing dreams about our future. Last night I dreamt that our families were together for the holidays, and I heard a baby crying and thought it was his older brother's, but his mom looked at me and told me to go get my baby. I woke up feeling the most intense warmth and love that any dream could possibly muster. 

I started with such a cynical mindset. I didn't believe in love. Most of all I didn't believe that young relationships had a chance in hell, but now when I look in his eyes all doubt evaporates. This is it. This is real. It's so pedestrian, but so incredible. Lots of people have what we have, but this is ours alone. We're going to be boring, and normal, and plain, and pedestrian, but it's going to be the biggest adventure of our lives. And I can't wait. 

I found him.
<3
This is what i exactly strive to be in the future with my SO. I wish you guys a fufilling lovely life with each other. 
Hi, male here. I've only ever had one relationship, and during said relationship I had such a feeling of what I presume was Love. She dumped me however, and already has another boyfriend. I'm so glad that you are having such founded success in your endeavor, but I am so lost with own, hollow even. How can I know who is right? I was (during said relationship) completely understanding with everything she told me, but still I didn't have her trust, how can I earn something so raw? Did I do something? Again, congratulations on your finding in ultimate elation, there isn't enough of that anymore.
congrats, very happy for you - but ... pedestrian : “You Keep Using That Word, I Do Not Think It Means What You Think It Means”
So sweet -- and I feel the same way about my SO (just maybe not baby's lol). Keep at it!
Honestly it's such a bullshit answer, but you'll know when it's right. Pick someone who you're better friends with than lovers. They're going to have faults, so don't fixate on finding someone perfect, just make sure the faults are things you know you can live with - and I mean really live with- for the rest of your life.
 Amy Schumer, though she may no be the best authority or giver of advice  in this particular subject, once commented that you may end up having to change your husband or wife's colonostomy bag (as an example of the commitment that may be required of you in a marriage). I think those are the kinds of tough questions you need to ask yourself. Am I okay with inheriting this person's financial debts? If they develop a degenerative disease or terminal illness, can I stick it out and care for them? What if our child has a degenerative disease or terminal illness? If you don't have faith in your SO when you think about these questions, it may be a sign. 

From a more short-term perspective, my advice would be not to go for the "obvious" person. When we're attracted to someone, it's usually the result of biological cues. Biological cues work great for reproduction, but they aren't awesome for long-term relationships. Go for the guy or gal with the most compatible personality, because looks fade, but people really don't. Also it's cliche but true that communication is key. Don't play games with people, tell them what you want (not in a demanding or overly forward way, just be honest about what you need and want). I wish you the best of luck (it honestly is like 70 percent luck) and I hope my advice can be useful to you. 
Also don't be afraid to try online dating (match, not tinder). The way you meet might not be organic, but your relationship will be. Don't let the stigma deter you, lots of people have great success with online dating. 

That's all I've got. 
I'm sorry it didn't work out, but I believe that there aren't bad relationships, just bad matches. If it didn't work out, it's simply because you weren't right for each other. There is someone out there for you, and she'll be more receptive to your love. 
I've neglected the most important sentiment, which is DON'T GIVE UP! There are few things in this world that you should never stop pursuing, and love is one of them. 
I used it as an adjective, not a noun. It means "lacking inspiration or excitement; dull". :)
I appreciate that last sentiment, also, she came to me about it in the first place. Until then we were always friends, it just hurts, I wasn't going for looks. There's really no other reason to date except for eventual lasting relations. I see your meaning, I just tried to be the best Boyfriend/confidant I could possibly be, she'd start off by opening up and then halfway through just cutting off and saying she couldn't trust me; I think that must have hurt the most, even after learning that she dated me "out of boredom."
Meaning it's nothing special or extraordinary. 
That's all you really can do, truthfully. The right person will come in due time, unless you stop looking. Have faith, my friend. 

You sound like a great boyfriend. The right girl will appreciate your efforts 
you are unique !
I really do appreciate your opinion on the matter, again congratulations!
No, I'm not. But that's okay! It doesn't mean life's not amazing! 
but ... everybody is unique
Hey Claire,

This will be my last attempt to try and contact you, I hope you reply to this one. It's been a long time.

I hope some of the scars from our relationship have healed. I hope one day, and i'm being honest here,

 that we can look at each other the same way we did before.

I'm not going to lie and say "I hope we can see each other and still be friends."
 I. still care so much about you. I haven't told this to anyone. 

Everyone thinks i'm over you. They ask why I don't date anyone. I just tell them the usual, "i'm working on myself" thing. I have been, but the truth is i'm still in love with you Claire. I've been doing really well for myself lately, but there is something missing, and I KNOW it's you. Sometimes I think it can't be..


.... but it is, and I know it is true. It's you. You're still missing but I still am hopelessly in love with you. I want to be the one that makes you happier than you should be.. Please come home.

 I'm sorry for every mistake I've ever made but I've grown now and seen our relationship from every angle, and all I can see is two people fumbling with something perfect but gave up right when it mattered the most.

I will tell you anything you want to know. Ever. Even about my life after you. You can know anything you want. I want to tell you everything, without holding anything back. The good, the bad, and even the ugly. It's all yours, I don't want to lie to you anymore. I have lied in the past. I've lied about lying. But I don't want to anymore. I don't ever want to make another stupid fucking mistake with you.

I am not in the same place I was anymore. I'm not the same stupid kid anymore. I'm somewhere completely new and I've been thinking about you a lot lately and all I want is you here with me in this new place and this new life. I just want to make right by you. I don't want anything or anyone else in my life.

I want our love story to end together.

PS: I have a lot of mail for you that keeps coming to my new address, I am going to come and drop it off when I get a chance.. If you're at your parent's place when I deliver your mail, I'd love to see you. I'll have something for you. If not, i'll just drop it off.

I really hope to hear back from you. I am never going to shut you out of being able contact me. My number is xxx-xxx-xxxx. Text me, reply to this e-mail, call me, whatever you want. I live on 555 Permberly Rd. The building is called The Lotus If you want to buzz to my condo the code is 1799. You have all the means to reach me. Please take one of them. If we come into contact with each other all that will happen is what you want to happen.
As a woman reading this, it made me tear up... I'm not gonna lie.  I hope you get her back, if I were her I would.
Move on. 

I cried, such wonderful love there.

Beautiful demonstration of love between a mother and her child. 
Don’t kiss her just to kiss her.

Don’t kiss her as a joke, a dare, or an experiment.

Don’t kiss her expecting something in return.

Don’t kiss her as a pass time, or hobby, or for bragging rights.

Don’t kiss her because everyone wants you to.



Kiss her because she’s beautiful.

Kiss her because her presence is intoxicating

Kiss her because her mouth curls upward like tendrils of smoke

Kiss her because her smile sets you on fire.

Kiss her because her lips are oxygen, and without them, you’ll suffocate.



Don’t kiss her because you can.

Don’t kiss her because you want to,

Kiss her because you need to.


-D.M.P
Whenever I have to leave my boyfriend, I always really miss him even if he's only been gone 10 minutes. Am I just really needy or am I truely in love?
As soon as I leave my boyfriend I also find myself missing him. But it's more of missing his presence and noticing that want to experience life as much as I can with him rather than "I need you". I'd just rather be with him than not, if that makes sense :)
I love my fiance more than anything and when she leaves, I miss her the moment the door shuts.  I don't know if that speaks to your situation, but that's how it is for me.
i do have a couple of girl friends that i kindof miss when they're not around. but being a spoilt kid, i think i'm just needy.

but it could also be love :D
Exactly. Phew! Glad Im not the only one! Haha 
I'm the same way with my boyfriend and vice versa. Idk what it is or why it happens. Maybe it's just love? :) 
[deleted]
are you sure you're falling out of love? or are you just bored? or there's another girrrl?

I love him. A lot. I'm convinced he's the most amazing guy out there. He makes me laugh when I'm mad, he makes me smile when I'm sad. I can't ever be sad for a long time when he's around. He's there when I really need him, no matter what time it is. No matter how lonely, no matter how stupid, and no matter how confusing I get, he stays with me. He never gets mad. I love him with everything that I have and being with him feels so right. It feels natural and it's easy. I love him and everything about him. I love how he's so opinionated. I love how he's social. I love how he has a small gap between his two front teeth. I love his curly, messy hair even though he doesn't. I love how his eyes are so dark they almost look black. I love everything about him. We've been together for eight months, but it feels way shorter. I guess time does go by fast when you enjoy it. We're both sophomores in high school, and I don't expect us to grow old together, but I want to cherish whatever time I have with him. We've been best friends since seventh grade, and he's always been there. I told him I've had feelings for him since we first started getting close, and he confessed that it was the same for him. I don't know what the point of this is, I just wanted to share. I love him a lot and I hope everyone can experience this kind of happiness. 
You are both lucky!
First love is great-enjoy!
But only on my ownnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.

Really? Just me?
I fell in love with my SO when I was 16, started dating at 17. We've been together 6 years now and are saving for a wedding. 
You might be surprised about growing old with him. :) 
He's more effective against my depression than my medication is. At the risk of sounding completely cliche, he's a drug. 

I'm only ever happy when he is. He's happy when his girlfriend is around. I like her for that reason. She's sweet, quiet, cheerful, beautiful and well dressed. She's an amateur model, why would he downgrade to me?

But that time I made an ass out of myself at that party and got sick, he brought me water and called me darling. He's the epitome of kindheartedness, through and through. He's the physical embodiment of everything that drives me crazy about a man:

The tall - but not lanky - frame,

icy blue eyes,

short dirty blonde hair,

baby face,

scruffy beard,

heavenly speaking voice,

musical talent,

little bit of fashion sense,
 little bit of wrinkled jeans and t-shirts,

genuine smile with the dimples,

genuine laugh with said smile,

little bit of an athlete, little bit of a lazy ass gamer,


I could go on for days. I forget to breathe when I'm around him. I can't form coherent thoughts, let alone sentences when I'm around him. He thinks I'm an awkward, mumbling idiot. 

I'm tired of people saying that it's just hormones. I'm not a teenager for christ's sake. I'm tired of people saying I need to get over him. I know he's miles and miles out of my league, even if he didn't have an amazing girlfriend. 

I've tried not to think about him, and I've tried my damned hardest to stay calm around him. It hurts every time I look at him because I know he doesn't think about me like I think about him. He's always surrounded by so many colourful, talented people doing such amazing things. I'm an annoying grey smudge that sits in the corner of his vision.

As long as he's happy, I can rest easy. I'd rest easier if I was happy too.

/endrant

If you ever want to get over him, you'll have to stop hanging out with him. No contact is the only way. It doesn't sound like you're ready to move on though.
[deleted]
I used to think unrequited love was the worst. It's not.
Hanging out, contact AND communication needs to be cut.
Cutting out just contact and hanging out won't do the job. Speaking from experience here...
Thank you so much, this was very comforting to read. I'll definitely keep my mind open. :)
What is?
When it's requited, but still cannot happen. 


Hi everyone! This is my first submission to Reddit and sadly I'm feeling like a little Debbie Downer when it comes to love. I'm not sure if I'll ever fall in love but I wanna hear the real stories of how you met the love of your life!
[deleted]
I fell in love with the youtube music videos he sent me when he had no clue how to express how he was feeling. I fell in love with the quick come backs when I kicked his ass at video games. I fell in love with the first site I saw of him on Skype. In another generation we would of never got the chance to talk, nor meet. But as I stand in front of that man today, about to marry him, I thank god that we live in a world where not everyone you meet online is a serial killer. You might have expectations about love, I know I did. But the universe tends to flip those expectations around. Live your life. Do what you love and hopefully you find someone that can build you up and kick ass with you. 
I had a friend who introduced me to a boy that was absolutely perfect for me. We we're one in the same. Both accident prone with many broken bones and scrapes in the past. We hit it off but she ended up dating him rather than me. I watched their relationship doggedly as everyday he was abused and cheated on even tho she wouldn't let him leave the relationship. He has too much respect to hit her back and she ignored his break up. After almost 2 years she got a new boyfriend and they took a break. One day I was hanging out with the girl and I saw her ex. I texted him and told him to meet up with me after I ditched my friend. Once we met up he opened up to me and told me everything as we walked to a friend's house. He told me he didn't understand why he was telling me all this because he never opened up to people. I was astonished because his girlfriend made me think he hated me. That night after she crashed a party we were at I told her to end the relationship and he called me when I got home to ask me what me and his ex talked about. We talked until 1 in the morning about almost anything that came to mind. He told me that he might have liked an ex of his and I told him to go for it. We would Skype every night and fall asleep on Skype. I would walk to his house I couldn't drive yet and soon we were holding hands and he would sneak a kiss on my cheek or forehead. He told me he was just used to doing it with his ex and I told him I didn't mind. One day at his house while snuggling on the couch he told me he liked me and I told him I liked him too. We've been together for a year now and he's going to college. I love him more and more everyday and I knew that, from the moment I met him, we are meant for each other. 


When I started helping him I had no intention of dating him. 
In high school, I started to imagine the *perfect woman*. She had long hair and was about my height, but a little shorter. She was either brunette or blonde. She was just beautiful: her face, her body. She was very attractive. I didn't know if I was even going to meet her, or just if that perfect woman actually *existed*. And, even if she did exist, how would I make sure that our paths cross? This was something that was worrying me.

How she and I met was kind of special, but not that much. My parents grew up a couple of hundred kilometers (metric all the way) away from each other, but they met on the other side of the country. But this isn't the point. She was in the same grade as my sister. She is only 4 months younger than me, but my sister is 2 years younger than me. I met her for the first time about a year before we got together. She came to my house a couple of times to do some school work with my sister.

Of course I found her attractive. My sister’s (girl) friends were all kind of cute, but this one was special. The more I saw her, the more she was looking like the *perfect woman*. She added me on Facebook and we got to know each other. And it happened.

There's much more to it, especially the weekend she added me on Facebook. If you want to read it, just ask!

It's sad, but I have to say that it ended. Lying and cheating is wrong. I'm trying to fall *out* of love, but I know that I can only let it happen.

Please note that I *think* I fell in love. It could just be infatuation. Notice how I "fell in love" because she was that perfect woman I was dreaming about and not because of who she was. I'm still confused.
Only a couple months ago I started talking to this girl, she was going through trouble emotionally, and so was I. I liked one of her pictures on Instagram and comment saying something cheesy like "you are really cute", at some point over the next couple days she messages me over Facebook and we immediately hit it off, talking from 9pm to 5am. Over the next couple of days we messaged whenever the chance arose, she got Skype at one point and we ended up talking for a couple hours, then she really opened up to me about a medical condition she has (I had never had someone open up to me soo much). I have never had much luck with girls or love in general so I started to open up to here, expecting her to stop talking to me at every terrible problem I unveiled to her. But she dident she stayed around through everything I said, I couldent take it anymore so I asked her out, she tried to tell me how much she wanted to but she dident want to lose me because her parent might think she was unready for another relationship. That left me pretty destroyed but we kept talking, after expressing we care about each other we finally got to go out, our first date was pretty simple but I loved it, I couldn't get her off my mind, I loved the feeling and then one day we were talking about really personal stuff about me and she accepted everything I said and explained how she still cared about me and wanted to be there for me, I knew at that point I loved her, after alittle whole I just broke down and told her, ahe told me how she loves me more than she has anyone else and that was the happiest time of my life. This girl still manages to make my life better at every turn always being their for me, I truly think I love her..
I went to a church outing like 6 or 7 years ago and I locked eyes on my now SO. I remember trying to talk to him and to be really out going so he'd notice. He had a girlfriend at the time and I wondered how that worked out (it didn't). 

I was a photographer at the time and I was clicking away and ended up getting a photo of him (my excuse to add him on facebook). I did this and he added me back. It was random and he didn't know me and I didn't know him. We never talked on facebook (or ever) until one night I just started giving him crap. 

We had that "bff" thing going, I was friend-zoned mostly because he lived in AZ and I in MN. When I found out he had broke up with his GF I was elated! I never pushed for anything because I was trying to be the "Cool Bff". After a couple years of this he announced he was going to college near me. Finally we got to hang out, just him and I.

 It was down-hill from there. We knew we really liked each other and it was hard to deny. It all happened at a really weird time, but the Universe works in weird ways. 
I was just in a charter school not really looking for anyone when a friend suggested I date a friend of hers I decided I had nothing to lose I thought she would be like everyone else in the school talking about being from the hood and blastinf music from there phone but then I began talking to her after about a week we started dating I've told her things about me I've never told anyone and vise versa we accept each other for our flaws and perfections she is the first girl that I plan my future with her in mind and the first girl that I want to be a better person because she deserves the best the very thought if losing her hurts me and I'm trying my best to get her and I a nice place to live  

In conclusion the wait can be lonely and hurtful but sometimes you need to dig to find gold
I was living with my ex who was my bf at the time I came home one night to all my stuff on the front porch. I ended up staying with my best friend Jessica for a what I thought was going to be a week most. She said she was planning on moving in with a friend and she convinced me to get a 3bedroom apartment with them. When I first met Matt ( the other roommate ) I thought he was handsome, and charming but didn't really care to like "get to know" as far as I knew who I met was going to be my housing mate for the next year. Turns out I completely fell head over heels for him and vice versa.
That's awesome! I'm so happy for you and thanks for giving a shout out to the office I exactly know your perspective now. Best wishes and thanks for sharing!
I like that, wise words
I completely understand. I've had a few relationships where I truly do believe I'm in love, but eventually it always seems to end in some way. I feel like false love is so easily blinding that finding real, genuine love is a close to a miracle. 
Yes.. A lot of movies and books are about *true love*. But they're just movies and books, right? I do believe in true, genuine love, though. I think I will know it if I find it.

Maybe it's love. Or maybe it's attachment. I miss her because I'm attached to her. The best months of my life were when we were together. She's associated to those happy moments because she's the reason why they happened.

And maybe I just want all of that back.

I am getting my minor in psychology and this article makes sense. It is a little melodramatic, but that's how to reach someone who's going through break up. I had never thought about it like an addiction, but that makes sense. As someone who is going through a break up right now... I needed this.


I really needed this. Thank you 
I love you, okay? I don't know why, but I do. I've only known you a few weeks, but you're all I think about. Maybe I have something wrong with me. Maybe I get too attached too quickly. I don't know. I just want to be happy and you make me happy.
I realize I'm acting like an idiot, probably, and that you've probably never met a guy who is in a rush to jump into a relationship. I'm just a genuine guy, just a really nice genuine guy. Maybe that's what's wrong with me. I'm too nice. I care too much. But is that really a reason to end things with me? Because I'm TOO NICE? That I actually CARE that much about you? I thought that that is what everyone in the world was searching for, someone who genuinely cares about them. I realize it went fast. I should probably have waited to say that "I love you" for a later date. 
	I had been thinking that I felt it, but that I was definitely going to wait and say it, at least wait a month or two at minimum. But then the whole thing happened where you kind of said it and it was kind of weird, and y'know I really don't remember every word of the conversation but I remember asking you if it would be weird if I felt the same way, and you said no. I still didn't say it though. Later on the next week when you were upset, you said that no one LOVED you. There was a short moment of silence, probably only a second or two but a thousand things played in my mind trying to decide if I should say it or not, so I took a chance and said it.
I'm sorry if that freaks you out, I don't want to be the guy who comes on too strong. And I get it, we're moving really fast. Let's just slow down, take the time to get to know each other more. I still want to be together, have a relationship, but we can absolutely slow it down.
	Now here I am wondering if that can even happen. You seem so upset and torn in your decisions, I don't want to be the one to make you feel that way. So we can just end it if you want. Pretend it never happened, I'm testing out of our class together anyway so you won't even have to see me. If that's what would make you happy, say the word and we'll do it.
I just don't want that. I don't want to be the guy who makes you feel torn and upset. I want to be the guy that you can talk to about anything, be comfortable with, and share your life with. I LOVE YOU THOUGH. WHY IS THAT SUCH A BAD THING? Why does it make someone freak out when someone cares deeply for them? Why is that something to run away from and NOT KNOW IF YOU WANT? Would you rather have someone who doesn't care about you? Who beats you and is a fucking alcoholic loser? Or is it just me? WHAT THE FUCK. OH MY GOD I'M SO FUCKING MISERABLE WITH THIS SHIT. WHY COULDN'T YOU JUST FUCKING SAY IT WAS TOO EARLY TO SAY THAT YOU LOVED ME TOO AND IT COULD HAVE STOPPED THERE.
	Someone told me that they think you have feelings for someone else, or that you're sleeping with someone else. I told them they were full of shit. I know you aren't sleeping with anyone else, but it did make me wonder if you had feelings for someone else. I think you still have feelings for your ex. Fuck your ex, he sounds like a piece of shit. A guy with 10x the problems I have, hell, 100x, or a 1000x the problems I have. All the shit that you've told me, how could you have ever even looked at him twice? Much less spend that much time with him? God. What's my biggest problem? That I fucking care too much? Oh my god fucking run as far away from me as you can because I fucking care about you. Fuck my life.
I seriously hate my life. I'm miserable as shit. The one good thing I had, you, is probably breaking up with me. I can face it now, you want to break up with me, but you don't know how to do it and you don't want to hurt me. I can understand that, I'm a nice guy and you hate to be the BITCH THAT BREAKS HIS FUCKING HEART, but what can you do right? He cares about you a lot so you better ditch his ass QUICK.
	I'm so sick of this. Why can't you just care about me back? Are you fucking made a stone? What is wrong with people. I get you have problems from the past, and so do I, but I'm not the one acting scared of someone caring about me. Whatever. I guess this is it, it's probably over. I hope you have a good life with your kids. Maybe you can get back together with your first love. maybe he can make you happy, and for whatever it's worth, that's all I really even wanted.
Holy shit, this explains my whole situation. Except were not dating....
Now is not the time.  She's apparently still in a rebound state.  You never want to be the rebound guy, unless you enjoy being plan "B".

This is really sad... but I feel like there are more guys out there who can relate (at least to the first 2/3rds) than we wish were true.
When sex becomes a chore you know something is very wrong...
there is way too much infidelity in the world, drives me mad. 
Was going to say, "Exactly how I feel," until I got to that last 1/3.

Still, the first 2/3's are my biggest fear.
I want to hear some love stories of how you and your SO met, and how you guys knew you were "the one" for each other

Wow you guys are awesome!!! I love all of your stories! Keep them coming :) 
Love and be loved <3
One afternoon when we were cuddling in bed and watching the rain on the window I turned round to him and asked him, "always?" with no further explanation. And he just sighed and held me closer and replied, "always." And knew exactly what I meant. Seems silly, but it just made me even more in love with him. :) he's sweet and funny and smart and romantic and sensitive and caring and I love him to bits. <3
I met my current boyfriend on OKCupid while he was deployed in the middle east. We started to skype every night and I ran on like 4 hours of sleep every night because I found him to be more important. Every boyfriend I'd had up until this point had been a complete douche and I really didn't know what it was like to date someone who actually treated me well. About a month before he came home I woke up to two dozen roses on my front doorstep. I was ecstatic! I'd never received flowers from anyone before! I got to work about two hours later to another two dozen delivered there. I was speechless. That alone was the most romantic thing I've ever had happen to me. The next morning I woke up to another two dozen on my doorstep. My mind was blown. I surprised him when he landed from his deployment with the help of his friend and it was really love at first sight. We moved in together two days later and we've been happy ever since. It was a year and a half on December 22nd. :)
I met my SO over four years on plentyoffish. We talked for awhile then decided to meet in person and everything went perfect from the second we met. He is kind and loving and caring and smart and fucking adorable! We hit about six months in and I got pregnant. I didn't expect him to stick around because well that's not a lot of time and a huge step in a new relationship. I told him the news and he sounded terrified and I mean he had every right to be... But he said we'll get through this together. That weekend he drove up to my house(I lived and hour away) and the second that he seen me he told me how beautiful I looked and talked to my belly. In that instant I knew we'd be together forever. A few weeks later we miscarried and it was the most devastating thing we'd ever been through but we made it through it all and became even more awesome than we were before. Our tiny little angel baby showed us that we have real love. I get to marry that man in eight months! :)
I met her 6 years ago now, we were like "best friends" (but I really liked her and so did she), I was young at that time and I did not want to have a serious relationship back then. Then, I traveled abroad and I completely forgot about her... This year we contacted through chat and I was coming back home after 2 years been abroad. We met and we are engaged now. She came with me and now we are living together. :) <3
Well, when I first realized it I'd already known her for quite a long time. In fact, we grew up together. She was there for me a lot whenever I needed her, and never asked for much in return. Over time, we grew closer. I needed her much more than she needed me. Not to say I would die without her, but life would become ever so much more difficult. Once, at a young age, I became curious about my body and she decided to help. Feeling her soft skin on me was exciting and new, and produced feelings I'd never had. Then my mother walked in, and saw what was happening and told us to stop. Later, I got a talk from my father about how wrong this was and blah blah blah. I was too young to pay attention, but it scared me enough to keep me away from her. Until I was a teenager. I would lie awake at night, and think about those memories, and find myself reenacting them, until sneaking out of my room to meet with her became a ritual. We kept up this secret relationship for years, until we were of an acceptable age to let the world know. It wasn't always great though. Sometimes we would go a few days, even a week without having a physical relationship, though she stayed around for when I needed her. Sometimes, other girls would come into my life, and she would understand. She would take the sideline and wait. In those times, she actually experimented in bisexuality, and found that I was the only man she enjoyed being with. She's a wonderful friend, makes my life easier, and knows exactly what I like. So to answer your question, I know shes the one because she's attached to my forearm.
I met my guy at a costume party. We were introduced by a mutual friend. I instantly was attracted to him. I hugged him at the end.of the party, despite not knowing him to well. We became really close over the next few days. After knowing each other just 12 days he asked me to be his girlfriend. He kissed me and told me he would.never kiss another girl until we had a duaghter. After being together for just 9 days we said I love you. We are still together. We have.our issues sometimes but that doesnt stop us. I knew he was the one because he is my best friend, the first thing I think about when I awake and the last thing before I fall asleep. My perfect day is a day with him. Again, he is my best friend of.3+ years <3
We were in a college biology lab group together. He was really shy and introverted and I was really outgoing and cracked a lot of jokes. We're still together two years later and I like to think our dynamic is what makes our relationship so fulfilling and fun <3
**     The place I had been working at was closing down, my cousin worked for a company that had a few openings at some of their offices, I got hired and when I showed up for my first, I met him, he was my manager. Gorgeous, intelligent, and charming with a fantastic sense of humor. But, at the time I was in a 2 and a half year long bad relationship (he had a side thing with a married woman, always made decisions regardless of my opinion, or feelings, and never would admit doing anything wrong or apologize for hurting me), and even though I was stupid for sticking around, I did and I was loyal, so I tried to ignore the fact that this perfect man was right in front of me. A few months later my manager went to work somewhere else. My relationship began to get worse and I couldn't handle the way I was feeling anymore, so I called it quits. 
     
     Soon after, me and my previous manager got in contact (just friendly), I never in a million years thought a man like him would have any interest in me, but he did. He completely understood and respected that I had just went through a difficult break up and he never pushed me or pressured me into throwing myself into a relationship. He simply said," take your time babe, I know you've gone through a lot, everything is on your timetable". However, it didn't take long before my heart was completely his. He swept me off my feet. This man has given me everything I have ever dreamed of. He never fails to put a smile on my face, he shows me respect, he shows his affection for me, if he even thinks he has done something to upset me he apologizes immediately, he will do little things just to surprise me, and he lets me know how much he appreciates the things I do for him. This man is the man I can laugh over the most ridiculous things with, the man that I can act silly with, and that man who I love and want to be with more than anything in this world. I believe he is the man I am meant to be with and share my life with.  
**

You're cute and adorable and perfect. :3 That day was adorable, all of our days are adorable. :P This and along with you putting up with my obsessive gaming is amazing and you made me feel special when I read that. :) <3
I loved all the posts! Yours almost made me cry! So romantic <3 
Hahahahahaha! Upvote for you! 
We are the"Lilly and Marshall" of our group. 
D'awwww! This just got 19383871 times cuter 
Awwwww so sweet. I hope to be the lily and Marshall one day too! Best of luck to you two!
Okay, so I'm a high school sophomore, and there's this girl I've liked since seventh grade. To say we're friends, even acquaintances, might be thinking too wishfully. In seventh grade I was sitting next to her in PE in the kickball line, and when I had dozed off and she said "Go" to me, I became immediately infatuated. In eighth grade we had health together (although we sat on opposite sides of the room), and I couldn't do anything but think about her, a bit cheesy, I know, but it's not a lie either. In ninth we had nothing together, sans exchanging a couple glances when walking past each other in the hall.

Now I'm in tenth grade, and I have history with her. She sits diagonally from me. Every morning I plan out what I'll say to her, and every night bang my head against my bedroom wall when I realize another day has passed, and that I don't have very many of them left. Less than a week ago we've been assigned projects by our teacher in groups of five, and I was miraculously assigned to her group. I'm now with her, in a group, and every moment I'm spending thinking about her I get sweaty and my heart starts pounding. I know I've been fortunate to be in this group with her, and I have the opportunity to talk to her, and I've never been able to get out more than, "Yeah, that looks good," or "How does this sound?". When I see all the people that missed their chance, I know for a fact mine is now. There's a week left until this project is due, but after that it's back to square one as far as interaction. I can safely say I have never been more frustrated at myself in my somewhat inexperienced 15 years of living.

I've read about every person's perspective, every website's guide, and I simply can't muster the courage to do it. I can't do the "small talk", or "act natural"...this *is* my natural! Am I forsaken? Fortunately for me, I think she might feel somewhat elevated above the "person" level regarding me. When we exchange glances as I had previously mentioned, she quickly looks away, and other small things like that. I guess that's a pro. I remember spending my summers only wondering if she even knows who I am, please don't let me waste this!

TL;DR: Hermit lvl 99 and I'm in a project with her for another week, and at which point I will go back to dreaming. 
I'm going to give you advice that probably wont make sense to you, and you probably wont follow, but I was definitely a level 99 hermit when I was your age, had a class with the girl I liked and just never said anything. 

I seriously regretted that for over a decade.  My advice, risk abject humiliation.  I didn't do it because I had no idea what to say to ask her out, no idea how awkward it would be if she said no, and even worse no idea of what to do if she said yes.  So I invariably just kept my mouth shut, and stayed kind of close friends with her for the rest of high school.

My advice is to literally just blurt out, "DO YOU WANT TO GO OUT WITH ME!?"  Get that established and on the table, somehow, doesn't matter how unsmoothly or awkwardly it goes.  Just get it out on the table.  

The reason?  Your odds of success with this girl are probably zero.  You've built her up so much in your head, she is probably not even the person you think she is.  You have very little experience with women, so you're unlikely to have a successful relationship with her even if she is attracted to you.  But there are two key things you get from the "Abject Humiliation Approach."  

First, the thing I'm almost certain literally everyone else has said to you, "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." (Wayne Gretzky).  No matter how little your chances are with her, they're zero if you don't go for it.  All hope rests in her actually already liking you, only way she'll say anything is if you put your feelings on the table.

Secondly and by far more importantly, you gain experience in romantic situations.  Since you said Hermit level 99 I assume you play RPGs.  It actually works like that, you gain experience and level up.  The only way you fail to develop is by never trying and never gaining experience.  If you are anything like me your first experiences will be HORRIFYINGLY awkward, but they will get better every single time.  

You will learn small talk, you will learn how to read signs from girls better,you will learn all those things you sit around and wonder why you don't have right now.  But unfortunately, you need to start at level one.

Pull the trigger my man, humiliate yourself, then hold your head up high because you will have had the balls to do what me and countless people like me didn't have the balls to do.  Humiliate yourself for the sake of learning how to not humiliate yourself in the future.
If you ever have a moment when the 2 of you have some privacy and you can say something to her without the world hearing you should do the following:

As she's talking, look at her... get lost in looking at her (as I'm sure you do often without her seeing. Let her see how you look at her), then say the following, "Do you even know how beautiful you are?" Say it as if you accidentally spoke what's on your mind. Allow embarrassment to settle in and ask her, "Did I seriously just say that?" 

Pay attention to her reaction. This should tell you everything you need to know. Doing this, I feel, gives you the in you need without putting yourself out on too much of a limb. You aren't actually asking her out and you are giving her the highest compliment. Even if she doesn't feel anything for you except friendship, you will be the sweetheart who called her beautiful. It might not be what you want but at least you won't be the creeper who stalks her. 

If she smiles and blushes and seems interested (like if she says, "yes (you just said that) but it's ok" or something along those lines) you now have an in! 

Life is short... don't live in regret! Even if this turns into an embarrassing moment it won't matter in a year. Put yourself out there. Good luck! Post what happens. 
Show her you're interested. As a girl, I know that we stereotypically expect the boy and/or man to make the first move. You can do this by some of the simplest things such as smiling and saying hello everyday.
As a girl, myself, I know I love to be invited to go do things, but if you choose to do this, don't go to the movies. WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T DO THAT. Choose a social activity like dicking around in stores and eating. Do something fun and social! You should also ask her what she wants to do (it is wisest to do what she likes). 

Just get to know her and don't be fake. It could be the best thing that has ever happened to you :) Don't take everything too seriously and don't focus on when you make a mistake, doing that just makes your confidence drop and that's not good! Don't worry and keep up confidence!
Agree with her on everything
As a high school sophomore in a similar situation, try talking to her after class, if she does any sports, ask her how she's doing in sports. Just talk about anything you can think of, like how bad this essay you have to do next period sucks and stuff like that. 
Look, it's now or not at all. Tell her straightforward or just ask her on any sort of date. I have had an experience where I waited too long to tell a girl how I felt(that's a long story, I won't get into it at the current moment; I'll just say we're happy together now.) and it turmed out she started dating another guy 3 days before. She had liked me in the same way I did(I broke down and told her EVERYTHING) and she gave up on me, for the time being. Follow your heart, get inside hers. Tell her how you feel. 
cojones
I am a girl. No matter how he/she looks, no matter if I like him/her or not, no matter if I have ever had contact to him/her, no matter how he/she approaches me, if anyone told me he loves me, I'd have respect for him. I would never ever laugh at him. I would never ever throw him a weird look and go away. I would never ever tell him to leave. Never ever. I think that everyone, everyone!, deserves to talk about his or her feelings with the persons he or she has them for. I don't say that I wouldn't reject someone- it's better to not have a relationship than to have on that isn't completely honest- but I would treat literally everyone with respect and even gratefulness and would everyone offer the chance to have a honest talk with me, as long as he or she wants. And you know what? The majority of people thinks the same.
lol

That's just.. Amazing. I wish a guy would do this for me

Lucky girl!
Wow, it's evident you put a lot of thought and feeling into compiling this for her. Lucky girl, indeed...
If I could, erase you from my mind, I'd take back all the time

That I gave to you.

And now I see what you've done to me, far from love

Just a false sense of a miracle. If love is mutual

I see you don't like to share

Silence helps those thundering heart beats, serenading hope that goes nowhere

Could you believe? believe you me, in the end you weren't that hard to leave

I love to hate, when it comes to myself, and I promise you, you really helped

You brought me pleasure when you caused me pain

And In a sick, twisted, pathological way, I can smile

Because I loved in vain
This was really well written. Good job c:
That was magnificent. 
Well thank you, I'm actually really surprised this got positive results here. I'm glad you liked it!
[deleted]
Thank you! I've done quite a few of these, I might post another one. Thanks for reading, and I'm glad you enjoyed it! :)
I first see you in September, at the bus stop, leaning against it in your leather trench coat. Long, black hair. I instantly like you. You look at me like I'm the same as every other girl in that school. I wish I hadn't worn my faded lemon shirt, and try to subtly push back the sleeve to reveal the Slayer cuff underneath. You don't see it.

***

It's the end of the day and I'm making my way out of the Science building. As I walk down the stairs, you walk across the corridor. You see my band t-shirt (Slayer, of course) and double-take. You walk backwards to make sure you'd seen what you thought you'd seen. You give a look of approval and walk on. 

I'm at the bus stop and you show up. You walk right up to me.

"Finally, someone in that place with taste!" 

You introduce yourself to me and declare that you are the Muffin Man. You chase my little sister and her friends, playing the Scary Metalhead. I laugh, but can barely talk to you. I'm shy. 

***

I see you again in a club. You wonder where I've been, why you haven't seen me around for a couple of weeks. I've been on holiday. 

You offer to buy me a drink. I don't want to look stupid, so I ask for a Vodka and Coke rather than my usual alcopop. You compliment my new Megadeth tee. 

You chat me up, alot. I like it. You ask if I'm single and I say yes. You act like you don't believe me, but it's just more flattery. You put your arm around me and you kiss me. It was a great kiss; my first and favourite. 

***

We have our second kiss by the bus stop. It's in front of a lot of the girls from school but I don't care. We joke and kiss and I love every second of it. It's late October and it's freezing, but I can barely feel the cold. 

***

We've been seeing each other for a few weeks. I'm smitten. I stay up late most nights hoping to catch you on MSN. I get butterflies whenever you sign in. 

I ask you how your weekend was. You tell me that it was great; you went to the pub with your girlfriend.

Girlfriend.

What? 

***

I'm sad that you were seeing other people besides me, but I want to be your friend anyway. I get a boyfriend and you seem kind of jealous. 

You break up with your girlfriend and I'm having problems with my boyfriend. He's cheated on me, but he doesn't have the decency to face me. I see you in the bar and you're losing it over something. You scream at your friends and they leave you to it. I stay. I let you scream at me and I scream back. It feels good to shout at you.

Even so, I tell you that I'm here for you, and no matter what you say to me, I won't move. You cry on my shoulder and get snot on my top. 

***

I've broken up with my boyfriend and we're sitting on a stage in a dark corner. We kiss and it feels like something has fallen into place; like I haven't been a whole person for a long time, but I didn't know it. 

***

We've been seeing each other again and our mutual friend has been on at you to ask me out properly. 

In early May, by the bus stop, you tell me that he threatened to kick you in the balls if you didn't. 

"Fuck it, will you go out with me?"

I know you're doing this for the wrong reasons, but I'm sixteen and I am so very into you. Of course, I say yes. 

***

I'm missing you one night, and you come on MSN. We sit on webcam for hours. We're not even speaking. You're playing WoW and occasionally looking into the cam. I'm mostly just watching you. I watch you for hours. It makes me happy, but for some reason it also makes me sad.

***

I've just arrived at your house. I walk into the kitchen and you're standing at the open window. You turn around and hold me. You tell me that you had a dream where you lost eveyone that you loved, where you lost me. I tell you that I'm here now, and that it was just a dream. A cool breeze comes through the window and raises the hairs on my arms. 

You cheer up and we have lunch. You kiss me. Your mouth is full of chewed Wotsits, which you transfer into my mouth. You know I hate them, and burst out laughing at my horror. 

***

We're leaving a party, being driven home by your dad. It's only a little after 8pm and the sun has just set. You hold my hand in the back seat and lean close.

"I think I'm falling in love with you" you whisper.

A lump catches in my throat and I can barely get the words out.

"Me too."

***

We're on the bench by the bus stop. It's mid-May. The sky is summer-blue and the few clouds are white and lazy. I lean back against you and you buzz teasingly in my ear, making fun of my fear of bees. We laugh and you hold me. An idle breeze caresses my hair. I feel so at peace; so happy. 

***

It's early June and I've just sat an exam. I've been laughing with friends, telling jokes and feeling amazing. It's like a weight has been lifted off. 

I wait at the bus stop to meet you. You show up and ask me if I want to get a drink. We walk to the pub across the road and sit by a window overlooking the bus stop. I pay for the drinks, but you go to the bar as I'm not old enough. 

You sit down and we talk about our exams. And then, out of nowhere:

"Do you think this is working?"

My honest answer would have been no. You have such a huge personality and I feel overwhelmed by it. I can rarely think of anything to say, because you and your family are all so similar and I feel like I'm boring. 

"Yes."

You proceed to break up with me. It's not me, of course, it's you. This isn't permanent, it's a "break". You're not comfortable in your own head, you can't deal with the silences. 

Of course, that makes little sense, as we don't spend a lot of time together. Why are my silences so much worse than the ones when you're alone? I don't understand and I want to ask why, but I can't find my voice. I just concentrate on getting to the bottom of my glass. 

***

I'm on the bus home and I let a few tears escape. We're staying friends and I have to seem OK with that. 

***

I get home and tell my mum I have a cold. I go to bed, but I don't sleep. I don't sleep for three days. It feels like someone has punched me in the chest. It hurts to breathe.

***

I'm sitting on my computer in late June and I see a picture of you and the girl you took to your prom. Is she the reason why you ended it? I feel sick. 

***

It's November and I've barely seen you since we broke up. You've been avoiding me. You ask me if I want to get a drink after college. I accept, because I want to be your friend. 

We drink and drink and drink. We catch up. We leave. I'm seventeen and I'm drunk and I still love you. I lose my cool. I shout at you for calling it a break just so that I'd stop opposing the break up. It was a shitty thing to do. I cry. You cry. We kiss. 

***

A few weeks later you ask me if I want to get back together. I say no. I'm seeing someone. That doesn't work out and for a long time I regret turning you down, but really nothing had changed and the end result would have been the same. 

***

I believe that love is never the same twice. I could look back on this now, almost seven years since I first met this guy, and I say that I never loved him. I could say that I was just a young girl who was infatuated with a boy. That would be a disservice. Just because I have loved since, and loved differently, doesn't mean that what I felt wasn't love. Those feelings were real and when I look back I can feel it all. It was "teenage love" and it was filled with hormones and paranoia, innocence and hope. The heartbreak taught me to be strong, but it also taught me to be cynical. I have never loved like that since, I have never allowed myself to become so vulnerable so quickly. I learned to build walls and I became a fortress. 

Still, I love every single one of those memories; the good and the bad. I love thinking of them, and feeling like I'm right back there. I love the explosive happiness of our first kiss; the calming warmth of him holding me; the earth-shattering feeling of him ending things. They're fond memories with a friend I still hold dear, and I wouldn't change a second of it. 
You are an amazing writer. Keep it up. 
I loved this. I felt what you wrote about. Absolutely amazing.
Thank you :) 
Thank you :) 

My boyfriend and I*
Your the worst
You're*
That's the joke
Ohh, okay. I feel really dumb not getting it now ^^;
Don't let my age fool you. A person of any age can love. I may not know the type of love that you know, but, then again, no other could possibly know. What I do know is that I am in my own type of love. Through unimaginable odds I met the love of my life. Perfect, right? Well, almost. We happen to live 1,215.34 miles away from each other. This number taunts me, but also reminds me that my love is real. He must love me if he's willing to stay with me until we can actually be together. My ultimate goal in writing this is to encourage those of you in a long distance relationship. Love can conquer anything! I love you, Gabe!
I wish the girl I was thinking about that's 1120 miles away felt anything
Hahaha, my love is only 284 miles away. If only distance were the only obstacle.
[/r/LongDistance](/r/LongDistance) 

you're welcome
This tale makes my heart hurt.
Distance is what killed my last big relationship.
1001 miles :(. We should all get together and work on teleportation devices
If she doesn't feel the same way, then try to move on :/
Or you know.. Take the plane.
well you're story was inspiring and I'm hoping
Or you know.. Don't be an asshole. 



neat, thanks
I've always enjoyed Steinbeck's prose, and the wisdom he imparts here is no exception.

liek dis if u was touched 2

/sarcasm
http://www.myreferenceframe.com/
I feel like love has been the most amazing thing in my life. When you see the twinkle in someone's eye, when you get all nervous over silly things in someone presence. When you first get together you can't get enough of each other. To be in love is like nothing else in the world. The visions of the future, the hope, the possibilies feel endless. Sharing life with another even after the initial love sickness settles is another treasure in life. To be able to give to a partner, to take care of them when they aren't feeling well, to reminisce in on old times. You would do anything to see a smile upon their face again. The warmth of a home made by the union of two (for some more) people. Cooking together, taking baths together or getting dirty in the garden together. The simple thing shared with another you love are even sweeter. Eventually in all cases love is lost. They might catch another's eye or you too may disagree too often, the love you felt may just fade and interest becomes lost. Eventually all love of not ended by a fight or another lover will end (as far as we know it) by the final rest we call death. The loss of a lover is like no experience on earth. You may not eat or you may eat too much. You may not sleep or you may sleep to avoid being awake. Things that were once fond memories may become triggers of agony. You might just cry until you have no tears left to shed. You may think you will never love again. But you just might. Love comes and love goes. Though in some ways love is never lost. I still have a deep love for the lovers who truly touched my heart. Once the pain fades the memory of love can return. You may not see them ever again but you may still have a special place in your heart for them. Love touches us deeply moves us to try new things and step out of our comfort zone. Love is a garden we grow with another. We can choose to keep it well watered and fertilized or you can let it grow weeds and wilt. Even if your garden is lost their will almost always be another plot to till or lawn to convert.


TLDR love is beautiful love is painful is it worth it? Definitely! 

I know this was probably just a jumble of ideas but thanks for giving me a venue for letting it out. 
well said! and of course it's worth it, what would you rather do as a human? would you spend your blip of a lifetime alone? the fact that nothing lasts is what makes it worth it. 
+1, would read again.
Glad you got that out there, I feel the same, I am in love (again) with my partner we after 14 years of disinterest, and blah, and cannot believe we have got it back again!
It's the the fleeting nature that is one of things that makes it good.
Thanks! 
It can come and go in a split second. But when it is there it is amazing. 
I just wanted to know how romantic some guys really can be. What's the most romantic or impressive thing you've ever done to win a girl?
I was a sophomore in college, and wasn't huge into drinking at the time. A very attractive girl from a neighboring school was at the same party as myself, and we caught glances here and there. I let her be, as there were plenty of guys all over her... until she wandered over to me with her pack of male followers. 

Something about her look told me she came to *me* for a reason... so I pulled her close by her waist, said "took you long enough, hun!" I gave her a kiss, said "We got next game" (for beer pong), the guys left, and she thanked me for saving her...... later ;)
Flew across the country and to the USA on a whim to show her an amazing time.
[deleted]
I stayed up all night playing video games and studying (first year in college). We had been dating for about 5 months. When the sun came up in the morning I got a cute idea going. So after a little arts and crafts I went on my way to get flowers. I went to her place and hid a bunch of flowers across the street, further down the again hiding flowers, all the way to the park nearby. Then I got a good hiding place. I called her and asked if she could please look outside for my wallet, that I may have dropped it when I left her place. 

She was grumpy but she got up to check (about 6:30am). Instead of my wallet she found the first bunch of flowers (white pink and red carnations). And an index card with something I loved about her and a clue to where to look next for my wallet. (The clues were memories we had together ex: maybe look where we had our first kiss). After gathering up 7 or so bunches she finally got to the very last spot, there was, a long stemmed red rose (her favorite), an orange teddy bear (her favorite color), and a small strip of paper. It read “I love you” It was the first time I had said it to her. I walked up after she read it and she just smiled and said “I love you too”.

After that I had about 100+ of these small strips of paper in my wallet each with a different compliment, or cute phrase. I would leave them places for her to find. 
At my highschool guys had a competition for who could do the most romantic "promposal" (ask a girl to prom). 

While at an out of town tournament for a team I was on during the weekend, I was at the Gala and me and my friends were talking about promposals, I said I had the idea of folding 1000 cranes (if you fold 1000 paper cranes in Chinese Folklore you get one wish) for this gorgeous and extremely smart girl in my Chemistry and English Class who I had barely talked to and had already folded 200 of them. My friend who was a friend of hers told me three guys had already asked her out and I better get moving. So in the next two days I folded 800 cranes. Me and my friend decided she would ask her friend if she was interested in me as it wouldn't be awkward for her to turn down 1000 cranes.

Got to school Monday, and my friend found out some other guy was going to ask her that day. Went back home heartbroken, interestingly I had the two next days off school to go help one of my older friends at a camping trip he had (this was near the end of Gr.12 so classes didn't really matter much at this point) and was unwired for a good 30 hours at a local provincial park. 

Got back to home. And logged into facebook (I didn't have a Blackberry at the time) to see I got a message from my friend saying she turned that guy down on Monday and she went absolutely nuts when my friend told her "Brian was going to ask you to prom but than heard another guy was going to ask you". So the next day my friend and I opened her locker while she was eating lunch and stuffed 1000 paper cranes into the top of her locker so they would pour out into the hall when she opened her locker. 

I waited in the library with a bouquet of origami flowers. She came into the library ecstatic and couldn't believe what was happening. We went on a walk for the rest of our lunch and I got to really talk to her for the first time.

The Prologue:
We never started anything because she left for British Colombia for University and I stayed in Ontario to go to University. We still get together over the break and eat lunches and go for long walks by the lake at our hometown. 

The story still seems unreal now (especially when I compare it to all the messed up relationships I've found myself somehow involved in over my university experience) and the ending of Gr.12 for me was truly perfect (this being one of the main reasons).

TL; DR:
Folded 1000 cranes and got a girl who I barely knew that declined 4 other guys to prom  
I may incriminate myself if I talk about it. :D
Most labor intensive: For valentines day, made 130 or so slips of paper each with a reason why I loved her, each slip representing a day that I had been with her. Put them in a nice container, decorated, and gave them to her (also serenaded her or something, I don't remember the details).

Been together five years now, wish I had the time and energy I had back in high school!
beat her dog of a boyfriend into respecting her. (i actually fancied her, not for sex but for personality) and then had them make up. she was actually trying to date me but i had her go back to her old boyfriend for selfish reasons.
This will sound a little cliche, but one day after school (I was a freshman in high school) I took the bus to a small shopping center and bought a dozen roses. Without means of transportation however, I had no way of delivery. So what did I come up with? Walking 5 or so miles up hill in the freezing rain. We had already been going out, so it didn't win her over, but I think she still really appreciated the gesture.
I'v been saving up to do the same!!!
Loved it till you walked away. 
Oh, I should mention, she cheated on me six times (that I know of) over the next 7 months of dating, until eventually I gave up and broke it off. 

The sweetest thing she ever did for me was write an apology note on my computer after the second time she cheated. 

Point is; don't waste your fucking time and money. Fuck bitches, get Money.
You can't leave it at that, tell us, you know, for science!
I liked your first post and understand your second but this section is called love for a reason. I, and most of the other redditors, came here for a happy post to lift their spirits or understand an incredibly difficult feeling. Please keep it upbeat unless post asks otherwise 
Sorry, I guess I'm still a little bitter.
You can't blame the guy. Shit's hard to deal with. 
some stages of my fallen :/

http://imgur.com/a/9gxkG
Please explain.
Well...: someone/something took her away from me; than, when I realize, she said things like "forget me" and "just move on"; after that i can't stop thinking about her, love her so much(and so many times, hehe); and now she erase me completely from her life and I'm here! :")
So you were the pink one?
yeap :P
Neat, but pink really threw me off! haha.



I want people to join this Reddit to converse about love and post interesting stuff, not to provide an audience for crappy blogs and e-zine articles. I've banned 4 spammers in the last 24 hours. So, how to get banned from Love Reddit:

* Post your own site several times a day to 12 different subreddits.
* Post stolen content.
* Post only your own site ever to Reddit.
* Be the obnoxious kind of spammer who submits your own site and then pretends it isn't yours by leaving a laudatory comment about how great this advice was.

Self-promotion is fine and dandy, I do it, so do a lot of productive Redditors. Spam is not. Crossing the line WILL get you banned here. 
Aha! so THIS is where all the Redditfemmes are. Bonjour.
Saydrah, your awesomeness is compounded by the fact that you capitalise "Redditor".
> * Post only your own site ever to Reddit.

Pro tip: If they really want to do this, I suggest they start their own subreddit with themselves as the moderator.

see the Zen Habits and the Paranormal subreddits as examples of this sort of thing.

that way they do not run the risk of getting banned.
Erm... isn't that just the reason you would ban anyone from any given subreddit?

What exactly is this submission meant to accomplish? Preach to the choir?
I can safely say I've never before been complimented on my capitalization of Redditor. I appreciate the endorsement and doff my hat to your policing skills.

Edit: Hey, look, someone just downmodded half a page of my comments, and this submission got its first downvote at the exact same time! Gee, I wonder if that was one of the four banned spammers? Could they be any more obvious?
Yep-- if they can get someone to subscribe to a subreddit for their blog, more power to 'em. But I don't want them scaring subscribers who don't like blogspam off joining this sub.
Just pointing out that this Reddit will be actively moderated now.
Thanks for that.  That's really annoying, and is why I've abandoned a few subreddits that would have been great, otherwise.
Sorry I might be a little confused but didn't you already announce when you became a mod in this subreddit?
Yeah, but I didn't actually go through and kick out the spammers and then try to find new subscribers then-- I just pointed out if your stuff is caught in the filter you can now PM me. I finally did some housecleaning now though and got rid of the folks posting nothing but their own shit blog to 12 subreddits at a time.
Come down to Australia, you can be our next PM.
I'll have my people call your people. Unfortunately they won't be able to understand a word your people say, so it might not work well.
Thank you so much. :)
I've told this story some odd hundred times over, desperately seeking reason and closure; resolution and mending. I don't know what I've done, even to this moment.
It was January 10th, 2017, one in the afternoon. It was a perfect day beyond some bumps, work was groovy and I had an actual meal at lunch. I had just bought a new car the weekend before and began watching my life evolve around me. It was all uphill... till climax.
I had called you at last break, knowing not what would follow; our end and finish. You said we needed to speak, I wouldn't have it; not so abruptly. I insisted that we waited till the evening, when we were both immersed with only one another rather than surrounded by our responsibilities. We are an even thousand miles away, it couldn't just be fixed with a band-aid. Not again.
I came home, jumped right on the computer and eagerly awaited your audience. You came into the room, your sister in-tow. You had announced she was there as support and you hadn't the most narrow intention of staying. I fought tooth-and-nail, pleading my case and wrongs; begging nearly for forgiveness. I hadn't known the reality of this situation, as it appeared like any other fight; one that could've been fixed with sweet-nothings and gentle coos.
You left with the storm, only rain lingering over-head. You were gone. You said that you needed time, that you didn't love me anymore; you didn't want me anymore.
I was the man that gave you everything, penny-and-heart. I worked hours at some dead-end job if only it meant you'd be able to fly up here for even a week. I risked something greater than myself, my soul entirely. I fell in-love without caution, knowing not of the stone that would give way under my footing.
You were gone. I had begged you not block me across the board, I had begged you spare me from absolute disconnect. My anxiety would've killed me, knowing not what had been going on.
You gave me so many reasons for leaving, in-turn I gave you every reason to stay; you wanted to be gone. I couldn't stop you. As the days rolled-on, I continued to desperately reach-out. I hadn't any closure or solace with the loss of my love. I needed to speak my heart and more, yet, you didn't allow me. I didn't know what I was doing. I reached out to your friends and family, on my hands and knees. I shredded my armor and put my heart on the sleeve. I was watching the flower of my soul wither within my own grasp.
You exploded with anger, declaring your hatred and lack of heart; you were gone. I still pressed, knowing all had meant something; it couldn't have been for naught.
It's been two weeks now since we've went our own ways, it's been a week since we've spoken. I'm observing from afar, just keeping mindful of what stirs; waiting for my chance to be your sword-and-shield once more. I've learned why this has happened, and why I've done wrong; why I could've been better. I've learned. That's what this is all about, learning and growing beyond ourselves.
I watch as your befriend men and that between, spending your hours into the day with such limited circles. A day will come, when I no longer fear the recourse of your mother. A day when I fear not some sort of criminal charges for wishing only a word spat between you and I.
I've beaten my fist bloody on the wall, screamed your name and cursed your heart. I've every reason to hate you, after everything you've put me through? After kicking me when I was down? After beating my heart into nothing but coldness?
A voice still whispers that I needn't let go, that it will only bring me pain some many years distant. I know the truth behind this whisp, knowing that this sort of happiness is what matters most in our lives. It shouldn't be so easily released into the void. I am nothing without you, not who I am meant to be. I thrive with you, and only endure without. I know you'll come back, with time and bits of sand. There isn't anyway that I've become a distant memory or black-name within your cold-book. There was something there, as there always will be. We've much counting on us, two little ideas that've yet to bloom; family members that have grown attached and welcomed us equally with open arms.
Amelia & Augustus.
I love you so much, C.M. I miss you more with each day.
Sincerely, B.M.
I'm in love, so much in love. I do not know if it's how we have so much in common, how much he understands me, respects me, how he trusts me or how cute and awkward he gets at times but everything about him is dreamy to me. Whenever I am alone in my bed, I think about the days I get to spoon him from behind, fit his curves like a puzzle piece, breathe in his sweet scent as I fall asleep. I think of his face, his eyes which remind me of a beautiful sunset, his button nose, his pink lips, his thick brows and I realize how lucky I am once more. I think of his laughter, the way he gets cheeky, or the way his cheeks blush... I just can't take it, I can't see how someone could be this beautiful, this perfect. It's weird and hard to write these down, but maybe he could stumble upon this and maybe, maybe someday he will love himself, even if not as much as I do.
I want to get drunk with you.  
Yassssss! That's what I'm saying! Thank You...
May be, someday under thousands of stars at a place or may be somewhere under a tree or during spring season when the leaves tend to fall one by one or all of a sudden; I will find someone who will calm the storm in my psyche just by gazing in my eyes and discerning the storms inside me.

May be, during a cold winter night when the howling of breeze can be heard clearly due to the extreme silence all around, or may be during an extremely hot summer noon, or may be during an evening of spring when the pleasant smell of breeze makes me remind of my childhood; I will find someone who will hold my hand until the storms pass away and will set me free ones the storms pass away, the way a selfless soul mate does; not expecting any thing from you. The way a mother never leaves her child during tough times. The way a guide works diligently to make the travellers reach their destination.

May be.. 
relax you will probably find someone on the weirdest places you never thought of, at the most inconvenience times when you least expect it , it just blows your mind away with no previous warning.
Believe me, you will find someone, we all will find someone someday..
This is beautiful.
maybe someday we'll meet eachother....
LOOK NO MORE! 😝 Jk But for real have faith you'll find someone. I believe you will. Just don't give up on loving fiercely and freely
Thank You 
May be..or may be not. May be the boundaries between us wont allow us to meet ever, or may be the boundaries will shrink someday, and we will meet each other near a sea shore or a beach.

Even after meeting, may be, my culture will be a hitch, or may be yours will be a bliss. May be, you wont be able to handle my broken pieces, or may be you will fall in love with me at first sight.

May be, my broken pieces will fit into yours and we will form a complete human, or may be you wont be able to cope up with them. May be, you wont be able to bear my weirdness, or may be you will find your conscience in me.

May be, you will feel complete with me, and may b I wont feel the same. May be I will feel home with you, and may be you wont. May be, you will fall in love with my thoughts, or may be you will run away baffled.

May be, you will like the idea of me, but not the real me, or may be, you will find in me the partner of your life. May be, the storms inside me wont allow me to fall in love with you, or may be you will be the one who can calm down the storms inside me, forever. 

May be, I will find my solace with you, or may be you will completely break me into thousand more pieces and I will be like a thousand broken stars falling at a time, or may be you will fix all my wounds just by holding my hand. 

May be, you will be bliss and I will be blessing for you, or may be, we will destroy each other perfectly.

May be..we will meet..someday, or may be not.


Hello! I am so excited and happy! After over a year of dating and 6 years of being friends, the love of my life told me last night on my 24th Birthday he loved me!

 I was sitting on his lap facing him. We were being intimate (but we have not yet had sex) and we slowly stopped and were just gazing at each other. I couldn't wrap my mind around how beautiful this man is, on the inside and out. How I've wanted to be with him since to mere age of 18. I asked him if he was ready (to finally have sex) and he kept gazing at me a whispered "yes". 

I started shaking like crazy, he told me my heart rate was beating so fast and my eyes welled up with tears. I whispered I needed to tell him something as I was fighting back the tears. I was so scared and my whole body was still rattling. I looked him in the eyes and told him I loved him. I loved him so much. 

He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, then opened them and told me he loved me too. And then he kept saying it. The whole rest of the night we were crying and hugging and kissing and we couldn't stop telling each other. It was the best night of my entire existence! 

What's your story? 😊
We had only been dating for a month. At this point, I knew I liked her a lot and knew she was special, but never considered that I loved her. We went to a big hill, watched the sunset, ate some food and talked. Talked about our lives, previous relationships, etc. I told her how she was the first girl I dated where I felt I could 100% be myself, and we had a fantastic time out there. Then, we went to a restaurant to see her friend who was working and just goofed around and had even more fun. We then drove around a bit and talked, but were both insanely tired to I drove her back to her house. While we were kissing in her driveway, the events of how beautiful the day went rushed into my head. And then, it hit me. The words "I love her" popped into my head. I thought "What the hell? After only a MONTH? That's crazy, I shouldn't rush to anything." But the urge to tell her was too strong. I pulled away and, still amazed, started my quest to tell her. "Crap..... I think I love you...... actually no, I don't think I do. I KNOW I do." I caught her so off guard, and myself as well, but she reciprocated. Then, a few days later, I brought up me telling her that and how I really meant it. She said she had never loved a guy before and I caught her super off guard, but afterwards she thought about what it means to love someone and she 100% knew she loved me. We're still together. :)
I was living in "transitional housing" with my daughter, a little over a year after getting out of the worst relationship I'd ever been in. I was doing the whole online dating thing for a while, met a few guys here and there, none of them interested me enough for a second date though. Online dating is tough. I'd get hundreds of messages to sift through everyday, all of them starting with, "hey", "what's up?", "you're cute, wanna chat?", or just some lame copy and pasted message that was sent out to every girl the person messaged. So it got pretty tiring. But then again, I never expected much to come from it anyway, I was basically just trying to meet people around the area I was living in because everything and everyone I knew was on the opposite side of the state and honestly, it gets pretty damn lonely after a while.

One day I get a message from this guy, and it was obvious from his message that he'd actually *read* my profile. He incorporated the lead singer from one of my favorite bands listed on my profile into the first message he sent me. So needless to say, he got my attention. We talked a bit, I checked out his profile, and my first impression was "he's really cute... but he looks like he's the total opposite of me".. I'm covered in tattoos and piercings, at the time I had bright red dyed hair... he was wearing something that said "Aeropostale" or "Abercrombie" in every single one of his pictures. I thought, no way is this gunna go anywhere, we're so different. But I still continued to talk to him. 

Then one day, we decided to meet up and get dinner. He came to pick me up, I was nervous as hell. My living situation was fucked up, I couldn't have company, I couldn't wrap my head around why this preppy dressing guy wanted to know me... there were a lot of things going through me head. An hour later, he was in front of me. We went to get pizza. And it was a lot of fun. He was even cuter in person than in his pictures. He talked with the tiniest lisp and I thought it was fucking adorable. I had a great time. And for the first time in a long time, I wanted to go for round two. I wanted to see him again. When he got home, he texted me and told me he really wanted to kiss me. I told him he should have. Because I wanted to kiss him too. 

He came back either the next day or the day after. It was freezing. And we spent our time together outside. The whole time. And we had our first kiss. And it was *amazing*. He was a *great* kisser. We started spending almost everyday together after that. No thanks to me, mind you. I didn't have a car. I didn't really have anything. I had to start all over again after getting out of my last relationship a year prior, so I really had less than nothing. He would always drive down to see me, and it was an hour ride from his place to mine. But it meant the world to me, and I think he knew that. 

I started falling fast and hard for him. But I didn't want to tell him that. At this point it had only been a month. But man, I was *crazy* about him. We had so much in common.. our tastes in music, our shitty childhoods, shitty past relationships, our kids were only a year apart from each other in age and strangely looked like they could pass as blood related siblings.. idk. There was a lot. And I loved it. I hadn't been happy in years. He made me feel like I was on cloud 9. It was amazing. I honestly had no idea I could feel as happy as I did then. A month into our relationship, he told me he was in love with me. He knew how crazy it was after such a short period of time, but we both felt like we'd always known each other. We had such a crazy connection with each other.. it was like I'd known him my whole life. I told him I was in love with him too. And it felt amazing to say it.. and hear it. 

We rushed into a lot of things in the beginning, we moved in together after only three months together. But its been almost two years now that we've been together. He proposed to me a few months ago. I'm still just as crazy about him as ever. I dont regret a single thing about how we did things. I love this man with everything I am. He's my best friend. I cant imagine life without him being by my side. I really cant.

And to think... it all started with a sentence about Trent Reznor.

♡
Aw lol. This is awesome 
Aww that's so cute! :) I was friends with boyfriend for six years also.  After a year together I absolutely knew he loved me, but he's shy and awkward and not the type to express himself with words. One night we went out with friends and drank way too much, had a stupid fight about nothing in the middle of the street, our first real fight. I cried and was about to walk away. He grabbed me and hugged me tight and wouldn't let me go and said 'no, you're not going anywhere, because I love you.' We both started laughing at being drunk idiots and it was probably the best moment of my life. 
So both you and Trent had a child from a past relationship. That would have been interesting.
Beautiful!! How long have you two been dating? Thanks for sharing. I love hearing people's stories.
going on 5 months soon!
also i'm very happy for you!
Hello, I am just turning 24 and have been dating my significant other for a little over a year now. I'm very often moved to tears in front of him (and not with him) because I love him so much. I had wanted to be with him since I was 18 (and literally just turned 18 at that). I can just look at him and within seconds start crying. I feel completely overwhelmed that this man I've wanted from such a young age is finally mine. I love him endlessly.

I'm talking about a very sweet, soft cry. Anyone have this happen? Frequently or not so much? I'm not asking for advice on how to stop either. It grows us closer together and strengthens our relationship. I feel I DO do this more than the average person though. Sometimes a couple times or more a week.

What's your story?

:)
This is so sweet. ❤ I'm not sure if this is the right subreddit for your post. But your post is really beautiful and I am gonna share my story with you anyways.

I met my SO in the first year of high school, walking home from the bus together: he was SO shy, and I was audacious - overly flirty, kind of...whatever the reverse of womanizing is? Man-izing? I was very extroverted. But we grew together. We went through some of the hardest events and periods of our lives during the time we knew each other. We went through changing, and coming to terms with abusive parents and a cheating girlfriend, respectively. We went through changing, and growing into an adult, into maturity, together. And while our lives developed seperately, we walked home together every day. And we were the constant amid everything that happened. And amid and through and after all of the changing, and growing, into our true selves, we were together. And we respected each other. And we began to grow together.

I was sick one night after about a year and a half of being friends, at which point we had developed into each other's rock. I had a fever - the kind where your head becomes a little crazy and everything becomes either foggy or clear. And I realized, all of a sudden, that I loved him.

But he had a girlfriend. So I wanted to show him that I loved him - not for any gain of my own. Just to love him, to spread the love inside of me with the person it was formed with and held for.

It was one of the most poignant moments of my life.

I didn't want to hurt him or his relationship. So I waited for half a year. Then I called him, and told him, and told him that I just wanted him to know, and that his happiness was the most important thing to me, and weather that meant being with someone else or being on his own or being with me didn't matter - I just loved him, and I needed him to know so that I didn't get engulfed in keeping it from him. It was painful but also real and needed and good.

And after leaving an abusive relationship, he told me he felt the same.

We started dating after about 2 years of knowing each other, and after 4 years, I still sometimes tear up with the beauty of the knowledge that I love him and that he also loves me.

So, anyways: TL;DR: Yup. Way to go love and loving. If it's genuine, and full, and returned, it pretty much makes the world go round, and if it fills you with tears, that's perfectly okay and beautiful.
A bit late to the party but i'm pretty much with you. I've never cried with happiness, but i get these really strong bursts of affection, i call them 'love waves'. Where I've just read some old messages, or looked at her cute face while she sleeps, and i've caught myself just smiling or chuckling a little at the realisation that I truly love her. My SO is everything and more to me, I love her more than the thought of having a conscience. I know she feels the same, and it's the best feeling to know that - while to some it seems naive, we both truly feel that we'll never be alone again.
This happens to me and my boyfriend every once in a while. I've never felt like so happy I could cry but I do with him. Complete tears roll down my face. It happens with him too. He is so wonderful. I never felt weird doing that around him either. He just holds me tighter. Thank you for this post. 
Damn. I wanna be loved too. :(
I do this. :) I'm a really emotional person and cry at everything, I'm easily moved lol. He moves me more than anything. 
Wow! So beautiful. Before I comment on your story, what subreddit do you think this should be in? I just joined this website so I literally have no idea what I'm doing 😝 I tried putting it into "relationships" first but it had all these really weird rules, and again I'm brand new so I was like ??????! 😵

That's such a beautiful story. How old are you both now? Still in High School or just graduated? It sounds like he is truly such a blessing to you. What a great man he sounds like!

I met my boyfriend on the very first day of college. First day, first semester, freshman year at 8:00 am. I was very quickly infatuated with him and within a month I was overjoyed because I knew one day he would be mine. I was so confident in it too, it was like no other feeling. I remember staring at him from across the room thinking, "This is it. He's the one". Mind you, I didn't even know his name! 😂
That's beautiful, I'm very happy for you both! You must share a lot of love. I never feel weird doing it either. When I first cried we were being intimate (the vast majority of the time when I cry in front of him we are) and he was nervous because he thought he did something bad. But nope, I'm just easily moved to tears when I am with him, especially when we are engaged as such. I'm a lucky girl, and it looks like you are too 😊

And you're very welcome, but rather thank you for sharing your story!
I know how you feel bro 🙁
For just joining Reddit, you're working your way through really well (not everyone picks up on the little "reply" button from the start). Welcome to the world's biggest message board :) I'm not the redditor you replied to, but I think /r/love is fine for this.

As for me: I never cried until the relationship ended, and those were quite the tears.
He's my rock. He makes me feel that it's ok that I'm so sappy because he appreciates it. He can be a sap too. Oh I'm just so in love I never thought I'd feel this way
Same! My boyfriend appreciates it too, and hes sappy as well at times. I can tell how happy it makes him when I cry because he knows I'm in love with him. What an amazing feeling it is to be in love. Its such a blessing to be alive and even just holding his hand. 😊
Hi lovely people.

Guy here nearing thirties and never been in love before. Only reason is cause I've never wanted to get hurt.

At the start of Feb this year, I met a nice lady. We met coincidentally. And we've already been meeting each other for a few times, since then. And it's obvious that we both like one another.

When I'm with her, I don't get the butterfly in tummy feelings, like in the movies. In fact, I only just want to care for her.

Now, she's off to another country on a 2 week work stint. I'm missing her so deeply that I'm not able to sleep properly.

It feels terrible that she's not here. Only now, after so many years, had she made me realise, what it means to truly miss someone. 

I miss her so much that, she's been literally coming in my dreams for the past two nights. And in my dreams all she does is make me feel better. No kidding. 

It's quite scary actually. I've never thought it's possible to yearn for someone so badly, that they will appear in your dream.

Though I'm not entirely sure if this is really love, cause I've never loved anyone other person before besides my family. 

Just hope I'm not over-thinking or imagining stuff. Cause, that would mean I'll fall so hard and hurt myself REAL bad, as this would be my first time.

Wish me luck people! Thank you! :)

TL;DR: Nearly 30, first time falling in love (details above). Wish me luck!
Sounds like love to me, bud! Best of luck man, don't wait too long to tell her ;P
Don't be so afraid to get hurt, if it happens .. it is part of life - from what you wrote it looks like you are trying not to feel alive too much in case it hurts.
Also best of luck!
Do you want to walk in rain ? try walking in rain and see if you like it and see if it feels something like that has never happened to you before. If so, mate you are in love.
 
: Note : Their is a native saying in our culture.  Love makes you half crazy ........ the other half is done by those to whom you share your love experience. 
I hope i did my part. ha ha ha 
You lucky... I admiss that i'm only 17, but damn. I'm getting tired of being patiente. I wanna feel that feels but i can't find it. 
Anyway, i wish you big luck dude and a lot of fun


She'll come back and be happy again at his side, this will help you have as much confidence in you and her, love her, and so the strange , everything happened suddenly think that really again and every day , is less time far from it ...
Seems like love to me my friend. Just tell her you like her, thats fine. Two months is enough time to be honest with your feelings towards her. Once you feel it and cant stand not telling her thats when you have to tell her how you feel. This is only the beginning, enjoy these feeling and embrace life. 

If things dont work out you will learn from it and grow as a person. But if things do, you will be the happiest man on the planet. 
A lot of what we expect love to be comes from the movies and TV.

There's different types of love and different 'speeds' of love. Some people, often young people, prefer falling in love. Some people work up to it. Walk together etc. 
Personally, I feel it's best to not worry about what it is or is not.  Don't worry about the word "love".  As someone who is currently going through new feelings for someone, I mean completely foreign, it sounds like she is right for you.  I've always been to identify my feelings before.  I like someone.  I think I love someone.  I care about someone.  But when someone makes you feel something that you can't even explain.  THAT is what you never, ever want to let go.  I can't explain how I feel about this girl, and I don't understand why.  It's different.  And all I know is I'm never letting her go.  I'm just trying not to be stupid and rush into it.  I've realized that you need the foundation of a friendship, and I'm holding back until I just can't take it.  For the sake of making sure it's real, I would suggest you do the same.  I wish you the best.  I think it will play out exactly as it should.
That means, it is love indeed. It's still too early for me to express my thoughts, however. Known her for less than 2 months! Don't want to appear all freaky. Thanks!
Yes, what you said is absolutely true. I'm trying not to get too excited, yet. Thanks!
Thank you my friend. This exact, crucial juncture of life, that I had been postponing for so long, has finally caught up! The reason, solely to avoid the sour circumstances of getting rejected. 

I will do my best in letting her know. Guess its just part of growing up, like what you said. 

She's a person with the character of a goddess. She'll definitely respond in a constructive and appreciative manner, if she's not into me. Even if I fail, she won't allow me to feel so terrible, she's such an understanding person. I shall brace myself and give it a go, in appreciation of the kind of person she is! :)
Thats it!! Thats exactly the mentality you should have when you are in love.. its about the two of you. You appreciating her, you making her happy, you telling her how much she means to you..
Finally I can say it. I can breath it. I can think it. I can shout it. I finally have come back to life again. To believe that I would forever be tied in a knot of love for you was foolish.  And no matter how hard you beg me, I won't come back. Because the fact is that I am no longer in love with you. I no longer wish for your kiss, or long your smell. I no longer desire you shows of affection. I no longer am infatuated by you. You lost me forever. My love is gone, and that leaves me without much to say. So for the first time, my letter to you will be short and it will be the last, because I can't keep expressing something I don't feel in me anymore, and that leaves me in a shortage for words. Farewell my past lover... I don't wish you well. 
Good luck in your future endeavors. xoxo
Good for you, I feel the same way in my life!
[deleted]
Someday, when you least expect it, you'll get there!

You both are beautiful! 
Congratulations. Love is beautiful. You both look very happy. Wishing you two many many happy years together. 
Congratulations! 
Congratulations!:D Where did you have the ceremony if you don't mind me asking?
Its been almost a year since my girlfriend and I broke up. Since then, Ive been gone through depression, sadness and all the usual post break up phases. Out of no where I met a girl recently and believe it or not, she asked me on a date! I didn't even have to ask her first. I liked that. 

Tonight we had our date and it was great. We went and got beers together and didn't have a moment of silence as we couldn't stop chatting. Everything was clicking perfectly. Eventually, we went to see a movie (we saw Ex Machina which was great by the way). After the movie, I drove her home and it was time. Do or die, I either kiss her now or let her go. She was in my passenger seat and I didnt want to reach over the center console to give an awkward first kiss. I didnt know what to do and eventually it was too late! She said goodnight, got out of my car and began walking away towards her apartment. I was left sitting in my car with a decision to make. I could either go home, or get out of my car and call her name. I chose option two. 

I got out of my car and called for her. She stopped walking towards her apartment and turned around. Like something out of a movie, I told her, "wait just a minute", approached her, and we shared an intimate first kiss. It was fucking great. 

Anyways, I dont usually share this kinda shit but Im so excited I needed someone to share with. 

For all of you guys in post-break ups, I've been there. Love will find its way back eventually. It always creeps up on you. 
Good on you, OP. Living the dream.
Nice one, OP. For once, you're not a little bitch.
pretty cringey lol, if i did that i would be so mad.




people don't change. they just behave as the same person subjected to different pressures.

love the person he is or leave
I do agree "accept the person he is or leave". However, I do believe people can change if they personally desire to do so. I know I certainly have. So, while staying in a position waiting or wishing someone would be different is very selfish... I think that supporting each other in a journey of self growth and learning is different. 
When I was 17(2 years ago, at this point, i had never even held a girls hand) I was playing an iPhone game called Valor. Its an RTS MMO, a game where you build a city, build armies, and take other peoples stuff. Well I was in the top guild of this one world and they used a separate app for their communication(since the chat system in this game was bad at best). The app was set up in "rooms" created by the guild leaders. We had a war room, a defense room, and a casual room. Well I liked chilling in the casual room chatting with the other people in the guild and one day(mid July) me and this girl start chatting and our conversation goes on for hours. At one point someone calls us lovebirds and the conversation breaks and she goes to bed(Im EST, she's middle EU, so 6 hours ahead). A few days go by then she sends me a private message and we start chatting again. For a while its just about the game and good ol' BS. But after about 2 weeks or so the conversation gets deeper and we start talking about our daily lives and stuff like that. By the time September rolls around we're still talking, and more than ever. We've even facetimed, and by this point for over 100 hours easy. Near the end of September, we're talking about the kind of people we're into, and i eventually go for the risk all and tell her that I like her. As my heart races and sweat drips from all over me, frightened out of my mind for losing this good friendship that we've built, she responds and says the feeling is reciprocated. A few days later, I go for it again, pronouncing that I think I love her. She responds positively, and says she thinks she loves me too. I'm so happy that its crazy. She's 4000 miles away, how could we love each other?

Come December we exchange christmas gifts. By this point we're a regular couple(except for the distance). We share everything, even dirty thoughts. I searched for hours for the perfect necklace for her, and when she got it she loved it, wore it everyday(A little story about the necklace since I'm so proud of it. She had come to calling me her "Sun", since I brought light to her life whenever we facetimed. I called her my angel since she was so sweet and I'm so original. The necklace was of a sun shining on an angel. The sun had an amethyst in the center, which was her birthstone and her favorite color. Thats how you buy a gift). She sent me a 6x6x6 rubiks cube(cause I'm a huge nerd, and the 3x3x3 and 4x4x4 was too easy for me), and a couple books in her language(danish) and a sexy note.

February is her birth month, and she's turning 18(I'm still 17), and I've decided that I now want to go see her, in person, in her country(Denmark). So she asks her parents if it would be okay for me to stay there for a week and they say its fine. I ask my parents... and they say no(understandably). I'm still left loving this girl I've never "met" and my chance to see her during one of her school breaks is gone(I go to american public school so if i skip days its not like I miss anything). We're pretty sad but we keep optimistic about seeing each other one day.

Now it's April. The earth is warming(northern hemisphere at least), flowers are blooming, and love is still in the air. We've had our ups and downs like every couple(distance making it even harder), but I'm desperate to make it work, and apparently so was she since we stayed together. My birthday is in the middle of June, the perfect time to go sightseeing in Europe. So I ask my parents if I can go to Europe to see(or meet, whichever have you) my girlfriend. They say they need to think about it. This of course brings up excitement for me and my girlfriend and we start looking up plane tickets and stuff to do like its a sure thing that I can go. A few days pass and my mother tells me that I am not allowed to go(my parents are divorced btw, so mom's decisions and dad's decisions aren't connected the way they are if they were still together). This breaks my heart. I tell my girlfriend and it breaks hers too. I'll be 18! I beg and plead. I'm an adult! But the answer stays no. I hold this from my father as to not influence his decision with any negative thoughts. A few days after this my dad says he wants to talk to me. We go for a drive and stop in the middle of Amish country on the side of some back road. He tells me he knows what my mother's decision was, and he sees her point of view. I'm devastated, thinking this means that he agrees. But he, like a true champion, says that he thinks I should go and won't let my mother stop me from having the opportunity to do so. As long as I want to go, he'll get me there. I nearly jump for joy. I'M GOING TO SEE HER. I'M GOING TO SEE MY TRUE LOVE AND STAY WITH HER FOR A WEEK HOLY SHIT I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. We get everything in order, he even gives me $500 to help me buy the plane ticket and have money to spend while I'm there.

Fast forward to July 1st. We're going to the airport. My mother(she's accepted the fact that I'm going), my sister, and I are in the car(sister had never been to an airport so she wanted to see it, thats what she said but I know she wanted to say bye too). We park, get my bags checked, and go to the security check. This is where my mom has to leave me go on my own. The flight has a stop in Berlin before connecting to Copenhagen. She tells me to text her before I get on the plane, when I land in Berlin, before I leave Berlin, and when I get to Copenhagen, and not to worry about the extra charges for out of country texting. When she says bye she cries, and tells me to "be good"(cause I'm still a kid in her eyes, she even tells me that whenever I go back to college to this day). I wait for the plane, hop on, and go to Berlin. The flight is delayed two hours but whatever. I get to Berlin, race through the airport using what little German i knew at the time to find the right gate, and reach the next flight. I get on, and I'm off to see my girlfriend. I know she'll be waiting for me at the airport. I can't hold my excitement. The lady sitting next to me asks me what I'm here for and why I'm traveling alone, so I tell her a shorter version of this story, and she can't believe it. She wishes me luck and a good time. I land. I'm so excited. I'm so nervous. I don't want to mess anything up or make a fool of myself. I follow the crowd through the airport to the pickup location. There she is. HOLY SHIT THERE SHE IS SHES REAL OMG IM SO NERVOUS DON'T DO ANYTHING STUPID. She's about 5'8(just 3 inches shorter than me), blonde, and absolutely beautiful. OH MY GOD SHES REALLY HERE, IM REALLY HERE, WE'RE REALLY HERE. OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG. I race toward her and we embrace. She tries to start a kiss but I'm so nervous I can't even respond and kiss her back, she laughs at my nervousness and grabs my smaller bag. We take a train back to her house, talking about normal stuff the whole way. I caress my fingers along the back of her hand and she takes my hand in hers, and our eyes lock. She has beautiful green eyes with dots of brown. She calls them mud but i think they're amazing. When we get back to her house, she makes me a sandwich for lunch, we eat together, and she goes out to the balcony. I take this time to check her out for the first time without her noticing(though im sure she knew). She has a decent body, way out of my league for sure. Thin, shapely, and gorgeous face. She keeps her hair long and well kept, so it falls around her shoulders as i look at her. I finally gather all the courage that I have and go out to the balcony after her. SLIGHTLY NSFW FROM HERE SO BE AWARE. SKIP TO LAST PARAGRAPH FOR REST OF WEEK. I come behind her and put my hands around her waist. She spins and we kiss. My first kiss, 4000 miles from home. It's exactly like I imagined.  We stay like this for honestly I don't know how long. Our hands roam. I rest mine on her bottom, and she grabs my crotch. I lean in and whisper "i want you". Like a command she takes my hand and leads me downstairs to her room. She sets me on the bed and closes the blinds. I'm sure you know where this is going at this point but hang in there just a bit, theres a surprise and its not too graphic, i promise. She gets on the bed, pushes me down and climbs on top of me. We kiss again, and I tell her before we get too into it she can grab the condoms I brought from my bag. She smiles and says its a good time to tell me my birthday present. She says she went on birth control for my birthday. HOLY SHIT LOSING MY VIRGINITY WITHOUT PROTECTION(other than the bc, of course). I don't think I have to tell you the rest. I went from having a batting average of zero to hitting a in field home run, running around all the bases, and scoring home without protection all within an hour. Best day of my life, and the following week is something I still consider to be the best week of my life. 

We spend rest of the day sightseeing. She brings me around to all the places she likes to walk, and shows me an interesting tree(I know it seems weird but it really was a cool tree). After that we go back and have dinner with her parents(kind of awkward considering they had to of known we had sex, although the social scene is quite different there). Her parents were very nice and very fun to be around. During the next few days we stayed attached to each other like conjoined twins. We went to Berlin and I got to use the German that I learned in high school to get us around the city. We went to Sweden another day and I got to see my favorite kind of man-made structure, a castle! We also went to see her grandparents and I had what was probably the best dinner of my life. Everything homemade, from scratch, even the soda. Delicious! I got to meet a lot of her family at her cousins graduation party, they were all very nice. They even made me some special food in case I had a problem with my seafood allergy(turned out all of the food that they made didn't have anything I was allergic to in it, but it was a nice gesture). A great week with a great woman. We slept together every night, cuddling close to each other. We played tons of games(since we're both huge nerds XD). The best week of my life. 

That's my love story. To bring it to the present, we are no longer together. It costs to much money and its too hard to be together. We keep in touch, and still are great friends and are open to the idea of getting back together later in life if the opportunity arises. But whenever anyone says I'd travel around the world for a girl, I actually did, and it was worth it :)
Awesome story man. 
Wow, thats a great story. Sucks that you guys are no longer together though. Hope you guys reunite! 
Every night I go to sleep with the girl of my dreams. I wish she would understand how I feel every day with her. I try to say it in words and actions but I still think its not enough. She's so perfect. Even when she wakes up as I get ready for work and shes like half awake and just to tired to think straight she still just looks at me and I melt. The worst thing is I never knew she liked me for the first 3 months we knew eachother. I was just oblivious and it seems everyone else knew.
Well that's pretty neat!
You have been blessed! Do what you can with thoughts and actions to promote such beauty to all others in need. 
I couldn't be luckier! 

Not so. Children are influenced by their parents, but they certainly don't become them. Living vicariously through ones children isn't ideal, let each metamorphose into their own person.
All my life, I've felt so jumbled and mixed up inside.  I was always in a race to be the best.  I just added more and more to my plate and things kept slipping through the crack but I never turned back to even see those things go because I just kept moving forward with a racing mind.   

I was in pieces. There were holes everywhere.  I never gave myself to any one.  I just faked it long enough to convince.  Nothing ever hurt me but nothing ever felt good either.  This is life, okay?  Am I doing it right?   Imagine an overwhelming schedule and impossible standard I've set for myself.  Imagine the distractions that I needed in my life so I wouldn't have to look at myself in the mirror and wonder why I never felt anything. 

And then you.  From across the room.

You smile at me and my breath catches and I use every bit of logic and reasoning over the next few months to try to understand why I can't walk away from you.  Science. Psychology. Why. 

At these pieces of me laying on the floor.  And you patiently kneel and put me back together.  You see something worthwhile in that mess.  And if someone like you...can love someone like me...well then I must be worth something.  Because not everyone gets a you. And I know that. 

You have taught me to be better than I was without ever making me feel like  a student. You have used your actions to show what love is.  Real, true, life long, forever love.  

And where the storm inside me used to rage, there is calm. And the calm is you. 


Beautiful. 
Amazing!!! You can produce some beautiful words. I envy you
This was wonderful! 
Beautiful. It's my exact feelings on paper. In my hectic life, he's my only constant, my rock, my escape from it all.
> Nothing ever hurt me but nothing ever felt good either.

This is awesome! I hope you write for living!
Thank you so much.  That's so kind from a stranger.  
And I bet you settle down next to him and finally feel the peace you need each day. 

YES. I crave that feeling.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGA25XeGo9o

A friend of mine created this video to get his girlfriend and love of his life back. What happens in the video actually happened. She went into it thinking it was just a project she was going to help with, not knowing she was the center of it, and the meaning behind it all. It all happened in one take, and all of the reactions are real.

She was asked to hold these cards and flip them up on queue. A friend of theirs read the cards when they were flipped up.

What follows is incredible. 

What my buddy, Alex Mercier, had to say about this: “It’s easy to get caught up and confused in life. Happiness is a simple thing, we just complicate it. I name of this song, ‘goodbye’, is ironic because it’s NOT a goodbye to a lost love. It’s a goodbye to the distractions and shiny things that ultimately prevent us from being happy. If you have people that care about you and you are given the opportunity to share yourself with them - Do it." 

Here is his description of the video, and their relationship:

"My sister introduced us 2 years ago, but we lived in different cities (She lived in Seattle, I lived in LA)

When I found out she was moving to LA I told her there was an amazing room available… It was my room. I was gonna move out.  When she took it I conveniently hung around for a few days.  A week later were together and consolidated our things.  Everything was perfect for 6 months then tension started building.  We were living on top of each other and both of our work lives were creating a lot of stress.  I moved out in hopes that things would go back to normal.  It was a short lived success.  We weren’t clicking.  So, we broke up officially, but were still very much in each others lives.  Her heart was broken.  I was very focused on work.  She ended up meeting someone else.  This was a shock and I was heartbroken.  You don’t know what you have until it’s gone.  Like a kick to the chest.  I made it clear that I wanted this to work between us and now was the time.  However, she was already involved with something else.  So, the Love triangle was created.  

Then came the video. She’s an actress and a model so I thought she would be willing to work on a project with me for my music.  She has always been supportive of this.  So she came down to the studio with virtually no idea what was planned.  We handed her some cards and gave her instructions to lift one at a time in front of the camera.  A friend read the cards back to us.  Her reactions were real, as it was our story.  

I made the video because I had to see if we still meant something to her.  I thought if she was able to take a step back and look at the situation she might have a change of heart.  She’s a tough cookie, so knew I had to go big or I didn’t have a prayer!!  Also, beyond her and I, its a story worth telling.  I think it’s relatable to a lot people.  The situation is not terribly unique, but that doesn’t discount the impact.  Sometimes life can be great piece of art."
The ultimate outcome: They got back together, but are not getting married yet. According to my buddy, "We're not engaged, but going strong!"
I cried
This is amazing. How are there not more upvotes and comments on this? It's so raw and emotional and beautiful.
Great music, and her emotions looked real. But I wasn't clear if that was a friendship hug at the end or if she was saying yes. What was the ultimate outcome?
OP please deliver!!!! What did she say???
This is /r/cringe worthy. 
Thanks, OP. And he was letting a real beauty slip away. Good move to stop that error.

....Who's cutting onions in here?

But on a serious note: that was beautiful.
For the lazy: /r/anythinggoesnews

---
I provide direct links to lesser known subs mentioned in the title if one isn't already provided.

Let me know if I need to try harder: /r/LazyLinkerBot

Absolute bullshit.  That kind of thinking will lead you to choices that will MINIMIZE your own happiness, cheat YOURSELF out of what you deserve, because of somebody else.  Nobody is worth cutting your own arm off for so they can eat, then why make yourself unhappy so they can be happy?  Black plus white is still black.

Fuck that shit.  I'm going into a relationship because it will make ME happier.  In the end, at the end of the day, they are just another person in my life.  If they make me happier, I keep them.  If they don't, I get them out.
[deleted]
Yes, but what about the real world?

> If things have not worked out for you in the past, maybe it was because you were not putting enough of yourself in the relationship or holding back.

Right, it's your fault if you didn't put up (to your unhappiness) with whatever crazy behavior your SO might display (to name something).

> The more you truly love a person, the more love you receive.

This is something you would read in a romance novel or something like that. Real life doesn't work like that.


My mom and I had a nice heart-to-heart chat about the life she had before me. After awhile we started talking about how my dad proposed to her, and here's what she said. 


"You know, it might not sound romantic, but when your dad took me out for the nice dinner and the ride on a boat, I kind of knew what was happening. And on that boat ride, I started thinking. I knew I loved him, but at that time your dad had just dropped out of college, working as a Production Assistant, who, as you know, are kind of the slaves of the entertainment business. He wasn't making that much money. But you know what? When I saw him I saw his potential. I knew he would be a great husband, and a great father. So I said yes." 


They've been married for eighteen years now, and my dad is currently an executive producer/co-founder of a successful company specializing in car commercials. Personally, I couldn't have asked for a better father. 
Sweet!
This is so wonderful, being able to recognize how great someone can be at something they love and embracing it is so awesome. Many happy more years for them!
I feel like every woman saying no, actually just missed to see potential in her man.
Anyways, very touching story, made me nearly give away a tear.
I'll never be able to tell you how much you mean to me, how much love I feel when I wake up from a nightmare to have you hold me and tell me things will all be okay. To call me beautiful when I'm feeling down about myself. The man who cooks dinner and plays Army of Two with me when I've had a bad day. The person who lets me tickle you (despite you hating it) and pretends to laugh until one of us gets mildly injured (every.single.time) You're everything I could ever want, all I'll ever need. You let me steal your Ibanez so I can learn how to play guitar. You got me an acoustic guitar, so we play together. You let me play with the new Washburn guitar we bought, right after we got it, without hesitation. You're perfect for me, babe. You're my one. My only.

I love you Zach. <3 
I love you too.
This, this right here is what makes me happy to see. Its wonderful you have something so beautiful :)
This pissed me the fuck off, but is still one of the most heartwarming things I've read. I cant help but be jealous at what you have, a relationship, that is also a friendship. So many people dont understand that the two have to work hand in hand to be successful. I only wish I could find somebody who felt this way about me. Im glad for you as a couple even though I dont know you.
Lol babe -.- come to bed. I'm tired. 
[deleted]
I'm sorry it pissed you off. One day, you'll find someone for you! :) 
Sooooooo cuuuuuuute!!
I love him so. :) he never gets jealous because he trusts me. My friends are taking me to a male strip club for my 21st birthday. I told them no, and spoke to him about it. He tried to convince me to go. 

I, on the other hand, am very jealous. But he's helping me get over it all. 
I dont hate you, just the fact that you found somebody and I cant :p
Why thank you. :3 we make a pretty dapper couple. <3 
[deleted]
You said dapper. I love you already.
I'm so sorry to hear that! never give up. :) I hope things get better for you. I got a pm asking for a picture of us and I'll post it when I get home from work. 
This girl named ohh lets call her britney. I met her last summer and I'm completely utterly in love with her. I love the way she smiles, the way she laughs, the way she talks, everything. She knows how I feel about her and I know she likes me back. Emphasize on "likes." We had our first kiss a couple weeks ago and since then I haven't seen her. I mean I've talked to her  but I've never seen her. And its getting to me. I'm having dreams of us just sitting there holding hands. The only thing i want to do right now is hug her, see her smile. She dates guys that are assholes and have straight up said use her for sex. ( she hasnt had sex they just said they were gonna have sex with her ) yet she still dates them. Its driving me crazy. I want to call her and tell her all of this but I don't want to creep her out or anything. She's going through a hard time in her life too so I don't want to spring it on her. I don't know what to do reddit. Everytime I try to make plans with her something happens. Her parents hate me (for no reason) so I can't go over her house. Its mid winter now so I can't walk outside with her. The only way I can see her is through her friend jesis house but she's always busy. Any ideas on anything I should do?
I wish I had advice... but truly.. I wish you the best of luck.
How does she have time for other guys but no time for you?  If you really love this girl you might be pushing her away with your needy feelings. Do this one thing and you will have a better chance in being with her. Date someone else and make sure she knows about it. She has you and she knows it. She needs a challenge. Give her one and fuck what her parents think about you. Quit being a "B" and go over to her house if you want to see her. Fuck that. You aren't dating her mom or her dad. Last women look to men to see how the interaction is going. If you project shit is fine, guess what shit will be fine. 

Cliff notes: get a new girl while keeping your feelings for current girl. Fuck what her parents think. Be the man. If you project things are great in the relationship, they will be. Now go find some articiles that ring true to you about dating and confidence. Good luck. 
Two things.

1) Her parents don't hate you for no reason.  There is something you did, or some facet of your visual appearance, that they do not like.  

2) It sounds like she's avoiding you.  When a person really wants to see another person, and have plans to see that person, they make it happen.  When they don't really want to see that person they make it not happen.  This could be the parents thing to.  Maybe there is no reason her parents hate you, because they don't and she's telling you that so you don't ask to come over.

My advice.  Accept that she probably knows (or at least has a good idea) about how you feel about her and doesn't reciprocate.  If she's giving you excuses it means she likes you as a person and doesn't want to hurt you, but the fact that you're having trouble seeing her and she's seeing other guys, says to me that you aren't what she wants.  

My guess is you are young, so this type of maturity might be a bit outside your ability right now, lord knows I wouldn't have been able to do it until well into my 20's.  But you need to learn how to accept a woman's decision, and treat her with respect even if her choice wasn't you.  This will help you with closure, and allow the two of you to still be friends.

I'm sorry, and good luck.
Don't think too much and don't freak out, it always feels like shes gotta be the one but you gotta be realistic about the situation and not come off as creepy, be confident and love yourself
Let her go. I've been that girl to a guy before. It sucks and I'm sure she feels guilty... But she's just making excuses to avoid you because she doesn't know how to end it...I'm sorry dude:(
Lol thanks. Ill try to get another girl too. The problem with going over her house is her parents have told her to never talk to me again so if they find out I'm talking to her she's gonna get in trouble.
[deleted]
Or, he could just get through puberty. That'll probably help. 
Thanks, but her parents hate me because of my parents. There fucked up and yell at eachother all the time in the middle of the night so her parents think I'm the same way. She knows I care about her a lot because of some depression shit I went through because of her and her friends told her about it. Like I said in my post Im pretty positive she likes me because she sent me a text saying we should redo that kiss someday but she hurt her arm and she's that girl that cares about her appearance. Also she hasn't dated anybody since we kissed.
understood man.  Just take it easy.  Play things smart.  Follow your heart.  Sometimes taking risks pays off, sometimes it doesn't.  If she is worth fighting for, fight for her but remember you've got your own heart to protect as well. 
yeah it is, he might discover someone new and forget about the one he was chasing.  Life isn't fair.  
I have....
so true! 
If I may ask,  what did whoever say?
he was just bein' a dick. funny joke as it's evident you're probably...14/15? I got downvoted to hell over in the male hair advice subreddit for asking a kid if his mom still payed for his haircut...

tl;dr time to get a life
he/she said its not fair for you to chase other girls while your heart is stuck on this one.  
Yea, I agree with you, but unfortuanetly no luck so far. :/
I love everything about you. I love your face. I love your eyes. I love your nose. I love your smile. I love your laugh, and the way your whole face lights up and how you throw your head back when you laugh. I love holding your hands. I love when you take my hand and kiss all my knuckles, then the back. I love when you tell me you love me, or you miss me. I love the way you kiss me. I love when you kiss me when I'm talking. I love when you rub my back when we lay in bed together. I love being wrapped up in you. I love when you hold me at all, really. I love the way you look at me. I love the way you smile at me when you see me curled up in your blankets. I love that you call me love instead of baby. I love the way you comfort me when I cry. I love the way you stop me in the middle of the sidewalk to tell me you love me and kiss me. I love when you grab my hand and pull me running behind you across the highway when the light's about to change. I love your silly faces. I love when you poke me and pretend your fingers are suction cups (I even love the silly sound effects). I love the eskimo kisses. I love our plans. I loved your smile when you held the bottle in front of me and I blew into it to make the noise. I love your little kid voice. I love the snarf dance. I love your love nudges. I love when you meow at me. I love when you stick your tongue out at me. I loved our blanket fort. I loved the way you apologized for accidentally calling me baby. I loved the way you took care of me when I was sick. I love making fun of Taylor with you. I loved the way you threw your hoodie over my head when I jokingly said I was scared she would see me the first day I met you. I loved sitting on the cannon with you. I loved laying in the grass with you by the old train station. I loved threatening you with spice bottles at Roast and Toast. I loved the time we played with the random toys I found in my bag. I love your silly walk. I loved your Christmas card (its still hanging in my locker). I love when you run your hands through my hair. I love snuggling with you. I love when you yell space marines. I loved the way you pulled me close to you when you saw that I was crying when you woke up. I love that you admit to looking through my Facebook pictures when you miss me. I loe playing with your hair. I love when I'm holding your hand and you rub your thumb on my palm. I love how you feel like home to me. I love when you tell me forever. I love how safe you make me feel. I love the person you've made me become. I love how you make me feel unafraid. I love your weirdness. I love your orange Tic Tac addiction. I love sleeping in your hoodie. I love that you worry about me. I love you for sticking wih me through all thats happened lately. I love that you fall asleep sometimes by accident when we snuggle. I love our bad luck. I love how slow you text (even if it drives me crazy).  I love when you laugh at my unsubtle attempts to make you smile. I love when you share warms with me. I love how quickly I fell for you. I love how accident prone you are. I love your sense of humor, and how easily you make me laugh. I love your ear freckly that isn't a freckle. I love how much I miss you, even after having just seen you. I love how easy it is to talk to you, and how quickly I trusted you. I love when you call me Sageasaur. I love when you say I'm your favorite. I love when you poke my face. I love when you promise that you won't let anything happen to me, and that I'll be ok and safe. I love the way you make me feel. I just love you.
I think... I think you love him 5ever.
Dat be some real love shit right der

The track in the background sounds familiar... is that Explosions in the Sky?
Yay Grand Rapids! Cute proposal video. Love it. :)
Also--really sweet idea :) Congratulations on the engagement!
Yes, Its Natural to be Afraid by Explosions in the Sky- videographer's choice and I love it. 

People always say it's the small things that count. I never believed that the small things could add up to something meaningful-- until I met you. 

It started with seeing "[Your Name] likes this" on a friend's Facebook page nearly a year ago today. That led to adding each other (because I thought you were someone I knew) and continuing the like-fest. I remember looking at your pictures and saying "Hm, she's kind of cute." in the most normal of ways. I had no clue then that I was talking to the most beautiful, most interesting, funniest person I'd know. We had our first conversation that night and my life has never, ever been the same, and I have never, ever gone a day without thinking of you. A conversation that was full of sarcasm, wit, commonality, and that I'll never forget. 

I'll skip ahead a little, to the day we first hung out. I admit that we could've seen each other earlier that week, but I was so afraid of saying or doing the wrong thing, of not living up to some standard, to not keeping that chemistry going. Not only was I wrong, but all the things that we enjoyed about each other were amplified and the chemistry was stronger that I could've imagined. 

The time that we had together was truly the greatest point in my life, all of it. Laying against me on a park bench, staring out at the stars, and me telling you to come back to me at the exact moment you started to drift. Going out for a beer and a burger. You, half on my lap, with your beautiful necklace swinging in my face, with a way of honestly looking at me that I've never seen before. Even the time away from each other was not in vain, because it reinforced how no one could ever fill the void that you left. 

Today is your birthday. I don't know if you'll read this, but I just wanted to put out there how truly lucky I am to have had you in my life. I still think about you every waking day, I still love you more than you will ever know, and I wish you nothing but the best. 
Yearning for another taste, another smile, another touch, another breath, another moment with her. 

Fear because all that I am is nothing without her, because my walls have been broken and left me vulnerable, because my life now has meaning and I cannot live without her.
Learn to love yourself.  It's possible to experience love without fear.  That's the best kind.
That you spend every day thinking of her. 
Dude, I feel the exact same way about a girl right now too.  I never felt such a motivation to be the best person I can be before.  But it's unrequited love, but there's this feeling that deep down she loves me back, she's just scared to say it.  Anyways, I feel more alive with this pain than I ever did before, it was a wake up call
[deleted]
I really hope it works out for you. Unrequited love is painful and strikes deep at who you are. If it does not work out, try not to be bitter; that will only prolong the anguish.
I see you understand the meaning of what I wrote. It does hurt because as quickly as the illusion of love seems to appear in the person you love, so can it fade, leaving you with nothing but memories, questions and despair. 

I love you baby...

thank you for being you.
the world is a beautiful place
and I am no longer afraid to die.
Sam Keen
I just sent this quote to my boyfriend a few weeks ago.  It fits us so well.
This was originally a throwaway response to someone about a year ago asking for advice.  I've edited it and taken out a lot of personal stuff, but ask away if you like.  

I hope someone learns from my shitty mistakes...and finally find true love, like I've finally been so lucky to find..even this late in life.


*tl;dr - the 'one' should be someone that you share mutual love and respect with and is truly your best friend - so sayeth this asshole*

I don't know how old you are, but let me give you some unsolicited advice.  Coming from a man who has really fucked up a lot in life and in relationships but has finally found that 'one.' 

As much as I hate the fucking cliche and it's read at every wedding and I've cringed every time I've heard it...and it's even painful for me to admit that..but, it'll make sense in a few minutes:

"Love is patient and kind; love does not envy or boast; it is not arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing, but rejoices with the truth." 

-- I'd like to add that it's mutual and not one sided.  That whole saying goes for BOTH people, not just you.  You can be all of those things but if your SO isn't, then there's no fucking point.

I'm almost 38 years old and I'm a professional with post-graduate degrees..and I'm also in the middle of my second divorce.  Why? because I'm a fucking idiot.  But, being an idiot has made me humble.

My first marriage sucked because I was young and she was younger.  We grew apart, I learned from it.

My second marriage sucked because I was so hung-up on the destruction of my first marriage that I thought I was screwed up and that eventually things would get better only to realize, we were both screwed up and we were both assholes to each other.  After a lot of tears and heartache we realized we had competing egos and pride and didn't really love each other, we loved the idea of each other.   We were both wrong and both too proud and stupid to admit it and it just continued to fuel the fire...exponentially.  :sadface:

Now.  What have I learned from those two massive fucked up relationships?  Simple.  Find your best friend. Not just a friend.  Find your best friend that is really your best friend that you also want to bang 9 ways to Sunday at any given moment.  

Find the one you can't wait to see.  Don't make that shit up.  "oh, I want to see Julie because that's what boyfriends/husband's say!" -- bullshit. You should genuinely crave to see them..and want to tell them every funny fucking thing that happened today.

In sum,

* Be happy with yourself and where you are and what you believe.
* Find the person you genuinely want to tell everything to.
* Find the person you want, not the person you need.
* Find the person that compliments your personality.  But isn't too different from you.
* Find the person that enjoys being with you as much as you enjoy being with them.
* Find the person who talks you down off that ledge and isn't an asshole about it.  
* Find that person that picks you up when you're down and doesn't make you feel like a pussy for getting down once in a while...because it's a normal part of life!!
*Find that person you'd rather sit on the couch with and play scrabble and watch shitty tv with than do anything else.  That doesn't mean always and that's all you'll do...but when it comes down to rainy boring Saturdays, those should be the moments you want and cherish.
* Find that person you're not afraid to be vulnerable with who also isn't afraid to be vulnerable with you.
* Find that person you have mutual love and respect for.  

--Marriage and relationships have no room for pride or ego. 

--That's the person you settle down with.

--A friend of mine described it as "there are 10's in love.  Wait for your 10.  That doesn't mean that you won't find and enjoy a 7 or an 8 or even a 9...it just means, wait for your 10."  I firmly believe that to be true.  Learn from the 7,8's and 9's...because there will surely be those.  But, as for marriage, wait for your 10.  

If you *both mutually love and respect each other*, you can navigate through this messy thing called life and do it well.  

Cheers and good luck to you.  One last thing, you shouldn't go looking for it the one, let the one come to you.  (Unless you're reading this from your mom's basement..then, get up and go look for it. But leave the stalker shit at home).

edited: better formatting.



[deleted]
>you shouldn't go looking for it the one, let the one come to you.

a classic deadlock if both parts obey this rule
oh god absolutely.  EVERY relationship has rough patches. No doubt. But, you have to find the one that's worth those rough patches (and thinks you're worth it too) and be able to get through them in a vulnerable way without pride and ego.  Wasting time proving who is right rather than addressing the issues, is the biggest downfall in my opinion.  It's tough to get to that spot and it's not always the way it goes..but when you take that one second and say 'she's worth me not acting like a dick and thinking about what I'm about to say' -- and she does the same thing in return..is where the difference is.
Not really. It means don't go making it up and "looking" for it where it doesn't exist.  Don't make it happen, let it happen.
