Okay, if you are still here, feel free to comment. I'm all for shared experiences.


Back at work for 3 weeks and already have had to take a personal day.  That sucks. Whereas it was good for me at the time, I'm in a workplace that hates people to have sick days. I'd totally come in with the flu guys! Happily infect youse all and we can share tea and remedies! But my emotional episodes suck. I drank myself stupid, barely able to control myself. I was able to choose the wine with the lowest alcohol content but that just meant it was 3 bottles. Unfortunately booze is my only friend when I'm at my worst. 

I've been "treated" for almost a year now. Well, honestly it should be "maintained". I've had no diagnosis for something that is life long and no further course of action. Apparently high functioning is good enough and therefore I dont need help. LOLOLOLOL!

i'm convinced right now that the hobo transient life is for me. I think it'll suit my illness - short people interactions, short work environments, and I move on when I feel like it. I've alienated everyone in my life by my mental disorder and it just continues to feed it through the interactions or avoidances of interactions. I think I have the character for it too - impulsive, outdoor orientated and incredibly resourceful. LOL, who really plans to be homeless? I do! I'm just giving it the better title of travelling my country. 

I have a family- a husband and three teen kids. My teens moved out of my house and don't want anything to do with me.  My husband has kicked me out twice in 4 months, and threatened to do it again the other night. Believe it or not, I am an incredibly loving, affectionate and hard working wife/mother. I go out of my way to give them what they need. I have had two bad nights in the past year and thats all they see. Whereas I take everything they throw at me on a daily basis and try to help. Every hurtful remark (hubs has accused me of cheating when I msged an old male high school friend to tell him that I was going to be M.O.H at our mutual friends wedding. We were a super tight group for years and I thought it would be awesome news). 

I have a psych appt in April. I deliberately pushed it back so work wouldnt interfere, and so I can start a journal.  I need a diagnosis to get started on treatment. If the bastards would read my file, I think they'd see what I suspect is my diagnosis. But the public mental health system is shite and its all I can afford now. I'm on Doctor #3 in less than a year, not by my own choice. Not having continuity sucks. 


Ahhh yep, I think thats all for now. Cheers!
I've never been diagnosed, with anything other than aspergers, but I think I may have bipolar or have borderline personality disorder, I'm usually not agitated by anything but lately, I just don't know anymore.

 I may be schizophrenic, but the voices in my head I'm pretty sure are my own. I do have occasional hallucinations of bugs constantly skittering around the corners of my vision and of bugs biting me constantly for an hour or two (I realize its not real only after I realize blood on my hands from scratching through my skin.) 

This one time I was laying in bed relaxing and I noticed the window was cracked open I was about to close it, then I saw this strange shadow in the corner between the wall and the ceiling. I started staring at it and I saw it moving, as I was watching it, I suddenly saw legs and it quickly morphed into a spider the size of a frisbee, I was petrified and tried to think of what to do, and looked for something to kill it, as it wasn't moving yet. I couldn't see anything good so I grabbed a few nearby books, and as I was making a plan, it hopped off the wall and slid behind a dresser by my bed. I freaked out and stood up on my bed and frantically started looking for it, I peeked over my bed and reached out and moved the dresser a little and thought I saw it dart under my bed. I was terrified and tried lifting up my mattress (I slept on a futon) and was expecting a camel spider to jump on my face. And then I looked and realized that my window was not opened, and that there are no camel spiders where I live. So I made sure nothing was under my bed. I was really shaken up and after that experience, I could've sworn I could see a shadow where it had materialized.

I also start having intense spinning sensations and start to black out when I try and do or think about things I'm uncomfortable with, even when I'm not tired. Like anytime people try and make me do home/schoolwork or I'm freaked out about returning to school or some other public events.

 I've tried to talk my family into taking me to get examined more thoroughly and get meds, but they don't seem to care or maybe It's because I'm too much of a puss to tell my family about my violent thoughts.

 I keep quiet around people but my head is always telling me terrible plots to commit crimes, do hard drugs and say hateful, things basically the worst things I could say or do without getting felony. 

I was diagnosed with aspergers about 5 years ago. I'm not saying I don't have it, when I'm in public or alone, I lose control of my thoughts. I want to laugh, I want to die; I want to kill, I want to cry, all at once. In public I start shaking and fidgeting, it takes all my mental capacity to hold it all in and try not to explode on strangers, even though I treat them nice. Once again I'm not usually an angry person I would be deeply disturbed if I ever hurt anyone. So I keep a calm disposition to avoid the suspicion of friends and family, and the attention of strangers.

After I was diagnosed with aspergers (I was drinking and more depressed then I've ever been when I was diagnosed) It made me sickeningly mad and depressed, how they were just like "oh this is normal, this is why he is acting weird". So I started drinking and taking oxys every day before school trying to stop feeling emotions, and being so absorbed in my head's sick thoughts. It made me mad how people instead of scolding me like a normal kid I would be talked down on and patronized because I was "different" Everyone thought it was the aspergers, no one ever even noticed me projectile vomiting out my nose multiple times during class. I thought that was really funny. At some point I realized the "aspergers" was an invisibility cloak I could act however I however and do whatever I wanted, as long as I kept the act up. For instance I would ask teachers if I could leave the class and just started walking out the front door and going home without a second glance. I definitely think there's more to myself then aspergers.

I'm sober now and these are symptoms I'm still having, so don't bother.

So after some traumatic family events I dropped out of high school and I started smoking weed nonstop everyday for 4 years. I didn't like how it made me feel in the end, but not as much as I hated not being sedated, I quit a few months or so ago because I had to. I don't really miss anything about the effects of it other than being a little calmer and being able to close my eyes and be distracted by CEVs

 I don't consider myself an angry person. But around strangers in public It's like my emotions are wired the wrong way or something. things I find serious or boring make me laugh out loud; Ie shopping someone asks if I need anything: I laugh uncontrollably for a few seconds. People utter an innocent joke: for a minute I seriously consider decking them in the face for no reason. I'm asked about something I'm interested in I'm completely terrified. Even though I don't intend to do any of this. I frequently have thoughts about killing myself to keep myself out of trouble, or about getting in fights, hurting other people, mostly strangers for staring,  treating other people bad or saying something distasteful. 

I've never left the house by myself for more than a hour, unless it was the middle of the night, 'cause there's less normies out. I only really leave the house to walk my dog, sometimes explore or skate. If I do go outside, unless my dog is with me; I'm usually in a manic but antisocial mood. Absolutely prepared to kill or be killed. Trying to hold in intense laughter. I prepare a mental list of sorts of what I'm going to do if anyone flips me shit. No one ever has, but I'm ready nevertheless. I only ever talk to people I absolutely have to, or homeless people 'cause I know "normal" people usually don't care that much for weirdos.

 I feel bad, that I think and do terrible things sometimes. I want to be a good person, but whenever I try and do something proactive. I just can't do it I'm too scared I almost get out the door and my heart drops into my stomach and I become terrified about dealing with normal people, To me, it seems the only way to avoid getting locked up for snapping and beating someone to death for some insane reason is to stay inside or kill myself. Not because I'm depressed (I am) but because I'm scared I can't control my own actions. I don't usually have problems acting out but the urge to do so is so strong, when i'm in an unfamiliar situation, I can't think about anything else. Unless I'm preoccupied with something so people won't bother me like skating or fake watching TV, reading or something.

Needless to say I've never had a job or done any community activities, even ones I was interested in and signed up for. And even though I'm pretty sure I can contain my violent thoughts when it comes to other people, It's so stressful I would probably end up hurting myself or worse.

---

So the point of this post in the end I guess is venting, and maybe looking for support in what to say to a doctor or family. I could never tell anyone about these things by myself, I've been living a lie, since I was 13, I'm 18 now. My family thinks I'm just a bit socially awkward, I love all my family, they have a lot of kids and I can't stand the thought of them being scared or wary of me.

 one of the reasons I really want help is because family members have offered to get a bigger house and me a place to stay and take care of their kids while they work (that's how good of a facade I put up) and I'd love to and I'm sure I would never do anything to family but it would be wrong with my mental state, so I lie and come up with excuses why I can't. I'm positive I need to be medicated.

I wish I was normal, but I can't be.
I am 37F from the Dallas, TX area.

I had a decent corporate job up until a few weeks ago. I made OK money but I was struggling financially and I was not able to put any money aside to prepare me for the possibility of hard times. I suffer from anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts. I actually attempted suicide when I was about 19 or 20. While I was still employed I was doing OK but the mental health issues started creeping back into my life a few months ago and that's when the problems started that lead up to where I am now. I started experiencing high anxiety and insomnia and it was causing me problems at work both with my boss and my coworkers - my boss and others constantly bullied me and I left work in tears more than once. My boss started keeping tabs of, as he put it, "every headache, backache, sore foot, stomach ache, etc." and he verbally attacked me one day (he did not ask in a caring tone, but was rather confrontational and overbearing) what the hell is wrong with me, and he told me he'd been keeping a log of every complaint I would make (mind you, I didn't just sit and complain all the time - he would ask in the morning 'how are you' and some days I'd say fine, some days I would say I didnt feel good, was tired, etc.) - these things did NOT prevent me from doing my job thoroughly or safely, and I was not missing work because of these things, so I felt he was invading my privacy by asking me about these things and keeping a log of these things. I also felt it was a HIPPA violation for him to ask me personal questions about my health since there was no safety or performance impact of my "issues." He often yelled at me in front of others, called me names, belittled me, and frequently humiliated me in front of a room full of people. We had a heated conversation in his office one day and I broke down in tears and told him I'm going to counseling for suicidal thoughts, depression, and anxiety. There is a community organization in my area that provides free group counseling. I'll get to this more later. There was one day that he blew up at me in front of another supervisor, then he walked out the door to go home for the day. I pulled that supervisor aside and I told him I was astonished and hurt by my boss' actions and I felt humiliated. He called him at home and the next day my boss actually met with me and apologized and said he knew he was wrong and he said the next time he's being an asshole (his words, not mine) I should feel free to tell him and he'll try to do better. I actually did this a couple times and he always managed to turn it around and imply that I somehow deserved it or that his abuse was somehow warranted. The behavior continued and a few weeks ago I'd just come in for my shift at 7AM and I tried to have a conversation with him about one of my tasks that I had unclear instructions on and he got all defensive (I was just looking for instruction/guidance) and he started giving me bad information that directly contradicted information given to me by someone over him and when I tried to gently point this out he started yelling at me and telling me I'm being difficult and that I'm sticking my nose where it doesn't belong (???) and there were others in the room and I felt so humiliated that I walked out of the room and went to the employee lounge for about 10 minutes and I came back and he asked me rather loudly "WELL ARE YOU LEAVING?" and I was so hurt that I told him I quit and yes, I'm leaving. I grabbed my things and left. Now, before I go to the next part of my story I want to back up a little. I have not been to a shrink in a very long time. This is something that I've been meaning to do, and was looking into when all this went down. I'm not on any kind of medication for mental health issues, nor do I have access to it. I quit going to the counseling before I left my job because the group setting was just too intense. It's really, really hard to sit and listen to other peoples' stories and problems when I can barely handle my own. It was just too much. I know I'm not alone here - I have a friend who quit going for the same reason. It's just too intense. Now, back to the job. I do have some hearing problems and I was in a help desk environment. I can hear fine most of the time but if conditions are noisy I can have trouble hearing. I had serious ear problems as a kid and my eardrums are scarred and my hearing is definitely affected. I asked the direct of the department if they had any noise-cancelling headsets I could use. They said they'd look into it. I got into a conversation with a different supervisor one day about my impairment and he started making fun of me and I forget how the whole conversation went but I mentioned something about the ADA and harassment and discrimination and rights and he said something like "please, whatever, don't start talking to me about rights, what a joke." and my problematic boss was there one day and I said something about the room being very noisy because other employees were yelling and playing around (and quite honestly, not doing their job) and he looked around and looked at me and yelled "SHUT UP" at the top of his lungs. I was hurt and humiliated. So, fast forward to the day I quit. I sent an email to the SVP of our department at our corporate office and told him what happenned, and he arranged a meeting the next day with me, him, and an HR rep in another state (she was in the meeting via speakerphone) and I told him all of this and actually tried to make a case for me getting my job back, admitting that yes, I did leave and say I quit, but I felt it was under duress and that I had been mistreated and I felt like I was forced out and that I felt like my rights had been violated. The SVP actually agreed, but since he looped in HR it was up to them to determine if I was going to be allowed to return or not. 2 weeks later, I got an emphatic no (this week).

So, here's where I am now: I am driving for Uber but not making nearly enough money to pay my rent, utilities, cell phone bill, car payment, car insurance, food, gas for the car, and loans. Yes, loans. I'd just taken a couple pay day loans before separating from my job and I don't know how I'll pay them off. Yes, I know they're evil, and yes, I know that I put myself in this situation, but the issue remains - I have 180$ to my name, I lose my health insurance on Nov 30th, and I'm probably going to end up homeless and carless once I get evicted for non payment of rent and my car gets towed for non-payment of car insurance. I shelled out 140$ today for car inspection, registration, and a brake light replacement. I couldn't afford it, but if I wanna keep Ubering I had to do it. My car insurance hasn't been paid, but it's still active. I have to somehow make enough to pay rent, loans, and insurance by the 1st. I've been having a hard time sleeping, and I am anxious all day (except for when I'm driving, oddly enough - I guess because it occupies me) and my heartbeat is out of control. This brings me to the next big factor in my life: chronic health issues. I suffer from thyrotoxicosis which is a hyperthyroid disorder and I have severe heart palpitations. I see an endocrinologist twice a year and I take 2 meds - one for my thyroid and a beta blocker for my heart. Constant stress and worry on top of my palpitations on top of pre-existing anxiety disorder makes me a bundle of nerves around the clock. So, I have no job, I have no insurance in a few days, I have 1 month of meds to my name, 3 future refills on each I can't afford, I anticipate, no matter how hard I Uber, that I won't have enough $ to pay my bills and keep me afloat, I feel like I'm about to worry myself into cardiac arrest nearly constantly. I have been applying for jobs like crazy and I've had some interviews but this is the worst time of year to look for a job and I just feel like my life is slipping away. I have constant fears of failure and I have constant suicidal thoughts. On more than 1 occasion I thought about swallowing a full bottle of Trazadone (given to me by my endo for insomnia) along with a bottle of booze and just wait for the lights to turn out. To me this seems like a better option that failure. For me, the light at the end of the tunnel is always there. But, its the wrong light, and the tunnel is 1 way. I have no family I can turn to, I'm single, I live alone - I was engaged in 2010 but my fiancee assaulted me, and he went to jail and ultimately prison (but not before he nearly killed another woman.) My parents were physically abusive to me as a kid and as an adult they continued psychological and emotional abuse and I feel that all of these things lead up to the anxiety and depression that is ultimately destroying my life. Part of me wants to go check into a hospital but if I do that now I'll end up staying who knows how long, cementing my financial failure if I can't drive for a living. I tried to call some psychiatrists today but all of them are either on light hours because of the upcoming holiday week, don't have any slots available for new patients any time soon, or just flat are not accepting new patients. Several were even closed today.

So I'm in a position where I am rapidly spiraling out of control, of my own doing, and with the help of poor planning and anxiety and stress and depression and health problems and bad decisions and I just don't see any way out other than suicide.

I feel lost. I'm trying, I really am, but I feel like nothing I do is enough.

I need help. I am in tears constantly, my heart is pounding out of my chest constantly, and I feel like my life is already over, but I'm forced to live it.

What do I do? Due to my family life I loathe this time of year, and I really suffer this time of year and that's not helping.

I feel like I can fix all of this if I get a job that pays well so I can dig myself out of a hole and get the help I need.

Please go to the hospital if you are feeling suicidal. They will get you onto the right track, because right now it sounds like you need a break with the help of some professionals. Similarly, it would be a really good idea to start on some antidepressants, some SSRI's. I know it's hard, I really do. 

I've been doing this since I was a like 12 and now I'm 21. Sometimes I go days, months, or even a year where I don't hit my self. But I have instances where I just get really angry or really sad and I start hitting my head for some reason. Sometimes I hit myself as a sort of punishment to myself if I have done something bad or if I just completely rage out and can't control myself; alternatively when I am really sad and think it's all my fault. It's escalated over the years from just my hand to a hard covered textbook and even walls. Truthfully, I scare myself sometimes and I'm afraid I have some sort of mental disorder.

I am a highly functioning individual. I go to college and am nearly done with my GED courses and lower division classes to wards my major. However, it's only when my emotions are on the opposite sides of the spectrum, in which I'm extremely angry or sad is when I begin to hit my head.
My boyfriend and I have been together for five years. As long as I've known him, he's had slight schizophrenic episodes... They come in waves. He will become horribly depressed and tell me he hears voices in his head coaxing him to kill himself or hurt himself, and while he isn't necessarily inclined to do it, they are loud and persistent... In addition, he says he will often remember a phrase he heard earlier in the day and repeat it in his head for hours on end. He says he sees black shadows in the corners of his eyes and when the lights are off, he will see them in plain view. These episodes are accompanied by insomnia. I also found out a year ago that he is bisexual- I am as well (I'm female, to put it in perspective)- and I now understand that with these episodes, he will go from the very straight side of the spectrum directly to the other side, telling me that girls begin to repulse him and that he loses feelings for me. All this occurs about once a month and subsides after four or five days, after which he goes entirely back to normal. This may be a far stretch, but I feel all these things are connected... We checked, and his family does not have a history of mental illness. If I didn't mention this already, he is twenty years old, which I know is when mental illness can pique. I don't expect anyone to be able to fix him but I'd like to know what is going on with him and if it's been seen before. He refuses to go see a therapist so this is all I've got. Thanks guys.
I know you feel stuck, but your boyfriend does need to seek help. He has to get a professional to listen and then talk through with him what he can do to make changes. This person will not tell anyone that he is doing this and can be a secret. He needs a CBT therapist to help him change his thoughts, behaviours and habits and look forward to a healthy life.

Have you ever experienced stigma surrounding mental health in your workplace? It a serious issue affecting many people's dignity in their working life, and one that I myself have experience of...


I'm 16 y/o and I was cracking jokes with this girl. The flow of the conversation had led to some kind of negative things coming out but it was all cool. But she told me ,"You may be stronger than me, but, I can just break you with my words." And everyone started chiming in like "Yeah you are mentally weak."

And that made me think.
I am kind of going through some stuff in life that gets me weak sometimes.
I'll post more later, but what are traits of a mentally weak person?
Jeez that girl sounds really edgy. Try not to let moronic teenage banter get to you mate, they don't know what they're talking about
Allow me to explain, I feel like after I've had a decent friendship for awhile, I would soon find out that friends I know I'm on good terms with will have blocked me from everywhere. What exactly am I doing that's causing others to flee from contact with me? I'm sure there's more to it than that, it can't be me, but how can I tell?
Has anyone else experienced something like this? I've been experiencing this a lot lately, never had a problem like this before, but I won't deny I've "scared" a few people off in my lifetime.
Hi guys, 

I have finally joined Reddit, when I think my time has come to an end. 
My partner soon to be an ex insisted me for years to join Reddit but never got motivated too. But now that I am about to lose her and feel like giving up on my own life, thought I should fullfil her wish before I end up making a definite decision of ending my life. 

Let me give you guys a back story of my life and put relationship:- 
We have been together for 8 yrs and have had pur up and downs but after my motorcycle accidents its only been downs but she hung in there through everything and now finally I thought things were about to change in our life and our love was about to florish forever and ever. As I decided to move the city we belonged hoping she was to follow soon after, but something has changed between us more so changed in her not sure what. The only person that mattered to me in my life is leaving and I cant seem accept that fact and want to kill myself. 
I wanted to kill myself while my accident rehab but I am here, and its is all because of her that I am here. But I dont want to be living anymore if she isnt there to live with me. I callex her up and asked her to take her time and I will accept the decision she makes but in reality. I cannot imagine my life without her in it, no I have not stopped being my own person but I never imagined my life without her in it. Because I have always struggled in my life and nothing ever great has come into my life, and the only good this that has come in to my life has been her and losing her is the last thing I want. 

Not here for help but just wanted to let someone know how I feel about our situation. As I dont share things with anyone and the only person I trust and want to be with is leaving me. 

If there is a near thread from me on here from me that would mean we are back together and I am the happiest man alive or the only other option is finally giving up. 

All I wish for this Christmas is that my love is back in my life forever.
I am still here because she gave me the hopes of things changing in our lives but I guess she is ready to move on with her life without me. So I guess its time for me to start planning how I should plan my last few days for this life and a plan to end it for good. 
Hope all was resolved
Feel like i want to die most days. Comes on and off but as i get older i think it will creap up on me like a dark shadow i can't escape. Should i talk to a therapist or try to sort out the cause of this feeling
This world is not our home. It is a landscape concocted from fear and guilt. What you are experiencing is natural, because a deep part of you know's this world can offer you nothing.

But this is a GOOD thing. 

You already have everything you need within you. 

Joy and Happiness is your birthright. Your natural state. And you will experience it thusly when the decision to share it with everyone is made.
 
Blessings
Start working out, no need for gym.
Getting religious was helpful to me, but i combined religion with the jedi code (I'm a star wars nerd).
There comes a time where we get so depressed that we don't want to leave bed. Yesterday I had such a hard time. So i got up and did some stretching then a cold shower 
Did you have these thoughts recently? If so how often do you think about it?
My feelings are dead, just like this sub. But not like it matters anyway; I mean, look at this sub. Nobody cares.

Yesterday, I thought to myself that today I was going to be productive and disciplined. Yet this morning I just feel drained despite the good amount of sleep I had. Maybe I'm just so spoiled I don't know how to be happy and depend on others to make me happy. Maybe I'm just not disciplined enough to be productive since I don't think I've ever successfully worked towards my goals or accomplished anything.

I don't want to talk about my feelings to my friends, family or my loving boyfriend because it's bothersome to them. Why add more bothersome things to their lives when they have problems of their own already? But despite that I have internal problems of my own, I welcome their rants and help them thru difficult times because I don't want them to feel how I feel or felt.

Idk if I should seek help because what if it's just minor or seasonal that's not a big deal? I don't know what I have. I just know I haven't felt truly happy in a long time. 

I love my parents, my friends and especially my boyfriend that I don't ever want to lose. I feel awful everytime I get angry at them because they don't deserve that kind of treatment. But I can't help it. I just get so angry and out of control. I feel such a disgrace. I feel like the worst human being alive. Why can't I just be normal like everyone else?? I'm such a waste of space. 

At the end everyone is in to save themselves. I just hope I can save me before I give up entirely.
Do you think productivity is the cause or a symptom?
A friend (name omitted out of respect) of mine has a good history with me. This history extends to our first or second grade of elementary (aka primary) school. Recently, I've been informed, that he has decided to make the barrel of his father's shotgun the last sight he will ever see. He was 18 going on 19.

I'm currently 19 and don't actually feel any remorse. I know for a fact, that I have specific memories with him (more good than bad). I also know, that my last memory with him was recent (a month at most). We were at an evening bonfire and it was a nice memory.

This isn't my first memory of knowing someone who died young. However this is the one, that I thought should affect me the most, yet it doesn't. Thoughts?
good luck
Maybe you are numb. I've dealt with loss and at first I didn't feel anything. It's a protective mechanism your body has this is probably what's going on. 
.
Like you tell them things that happened to you by there made up?
Yah that's a common sign also. You should look up the symptoms and think about it. But diagnose yourself go see a professional they might be able to help you. But there's a good chance you are because it's a lot more common than most people think to be a sociopath everybody's met at least four or five in there lives that they've talked to 
LOL you're not a psychopath, you watched too much Dexter. I have a degree in psychology, so believe me when I say, a psychopath doesn't go around asking people if they're a psychopath.
There's a difference between slightly disconnected from your emotions and being a psychopath or sociopath. Unless your mum or someone you are very very close to dies and you don't feel any sadness then you are a psychopath. There is also a huge difference in psychopathy and sociopathy.

Psychopath: They are born this way, possibly due to damage to the frontal lobe or maybe even chemical imbalance, in other words they are like this only due to NATURE.

Sociopath: They are a product of society and their upbringing. Sociopaths are made through their upbringing. They are mainly from deprived areas, places with a lot of crime, and a lot of them have been a victim of crime and a lot of then have been participants of crimes. These are the more violent and irrational ones, all of them have a traumatic childhood. They lack the manipulative and charm skills that psychopaths  have, you'll find most of them in prison or in deprived areas. Majority of these have been in prison at least once. 

You're definitely not a psychopath because psychopaths are very rare.
You're also not a sociopath because if you were you wouldn't be on reddit.

Just because you have unemotional traits (which I doubt you even have) doesn't automatically mean you are a psychopath or sociopath, there are many other mental health problems that could make you have unemotional traits ASD for example. Even though they lack empathy, you dont see then running around shooting and killing people.

You have nothing similar to psychopathy and you probably think it's cool to have psychopathy  because all the cool movie characters are psychopaths, init. You need to look up remorse, the definition of remorse is feeling guilty. What you meant was empathy.
Good luck?
What's strange is that I still have emotions. I still can feel happy, sad, stressed, etc. However, I still don't feel anything regarding my friend's demise.
It's not so much things that happened to me personally, but rather just things that happen in general. Only they don't actually happen.
Do you ever feel bad for people at all? Or guilt for things you've done? Ever? 
I do feel guilt for certain mistakes, I've made in the past, sure. However, I do not feel empathy towards people who aren't my friends. (Then again, I suppose I can't feel empathy towards those who are, either.)

I definitely do not hold a large amount of respect to myself. However, I also don't have much empathy towards anyone, in general. I might have some for my family.
Do you tend to compulsively lie? That's a big symptom of it I'm pretty sure 
I do lie, if I feel it's necessary (i.e. "I can't bla bla bla because, bla bla bla"). 

Also every now and again, I'd make some improv jokes with my friends. That said, I'm not entirely sure that acting a certain way in public is the same as lying, even though these improv jokes generally consist of false information, such as fake names, fake stories etc.
Hey all!

A few days ago I launched my new website, which is a community based on people who suffer from mental illness. I started this community to help these people, not only because they can share their struggles and ask advice, but also because they can make friends from all over the world. I believe that one friend can save a life.

If you suffer from mental illness and would like to make some friends who'll care about you, please join us: [http://www.campfire-friends.com/news.php](http://www.campfire-friends.com/news.php)
Thanks
I've noticed recently that those fake necro porn videos turn me on. Ever since then I've been suicidal and wanting to take my own life away.I feel guilty, I have a voice in my head often telling me that I should kill myself. Only my brother and 2 of my friends know and they accept me but I still feel like a disgusting person who will never find a person who will love me and accept me knowing things about me. Sure, those videos are super unrealistic but still I see the comments on them saying "for the sick ones on this website" and such. I have a strong sense of guilt and empathy. I would never hurt people... Once I've got attacked on the street by a random stranger and I couldn't even hit him back. I've seen dead bodies in real life and I've never been turned on by that, I've only felt fear and unease near them. I've collected female bodies in Skyrim and I don't know if that normal. I feel like a sick fuck and I don't want to be that. I want to be normal and mentally healthy but I don't know if I am... Help me please...
I really think you need to seek help. See a Therapist especially a CBT therapist. This person can help you (if you are willing) to change your beliefs, behaviours and habits. Get more focussed and motivated to look after yourself and make changes you desire.
Try hyssop oil ....it is able to cure any kind of mental illness especially those dealing with spirit voices in someone's brain waves...the voices may be a spiritual entity disturbing your balance...hyssop oil...frankincense and myrhh including cistus oil can all be used...pipingrock.com...before anyone gives themselves over to the mental health industry I recommend essential oils...you can research...and possibly find something that works for you...lemon oil cures depression...rosemary oil cures erectile issues...and there is thousands of oils...natural cures isthe future of medicine...it may be what you could try...hope things get better for you.
Another thing that I forget to add:
It's pretty much impossible for others to find out unless I tell them. I'm behaving pretty much like everyone else and I don't really show it.
Watching those FAKE videos does turn me on but I never had desire to do anything like that in real life,I find it wrong and disrespectful.
I'm a bit eccentric in a way that I believe that it's an ok thing to do IF the person gives you the consent while he/she is alive and if the close ones are ok with it but that doesn't really happen most of the times because most of the people don't think so flexibly.
My question to you is:
Should I visit a psychologist because my fetish is sick or not ok OR because of my depression and my view on it and myself.
Thanks but my biggest problem is that I get turned on by watching corpse porn and I'm anxious,worried and I feel guilty. That's my biggest problem 
I think you should visit a therapist because you need to sort your thoughts out and put them int perspective.
Have you ever heard about a website called "4chan"? 
I know that they aren't judgemental but I'm still really scared of talking with them about it. I'm already going there for anxiety disorder and depression that I had long before I've discovered this.>I think you should visit a therapist because you need to sort your thoughts out and put them int perspective.


Yeah I have, I've heard a lot of bad stuff about it.
I think a professional will guide you and if you follow it through you will not regret it.
Well then...it is common in every culture - if your sexual life wont do harm to any other man or yourself - feel free to have fun. "Don't look - don't see". Of course the laws and social taboos vary from country to country but if you don't intend to harm anyone or yourself - have fun. 
Thanks, I will try, I just need to gather some strength
Yeah, I find it strange that I have it and lot of the times the stereotype of people with that fetish scares me. People think that we are psychos who have no empathy, but for example I do. And no one would ever figure out that I have this if I don't tell them.
You are welcome.
Hello everybody,
could someone recommend me a good article on how to be less clingy? I'd greatly appreciate it. :D

If a giant storm happens to come and my house gets destroyed and the streets flooded, I'll be saved, riding the waves of the Atlantic on a dolphin with my longbow.
but mentally I'm capable. 

Came here to see if i can find some answers or some help...and theres nothing here. Is there another sub i should go too if anyone sees this?

help with?

Hey guys, In the summer holidays when I've got more free time I find the little things in life like getting up at a good time, shaving, getting out of my pyjamas etc. are all really good little things I can do to help myself - anybody else feel the same?

My therapist always extols the importance of keeping a healthy, balanced diet. I've always eaten too much and often find myself feeling guilty when I eat, even though I know it's the right thing to do for helping my body and mind. Anybody have any good ideas for breakfasts, lunches and dinners that are healthy? I love cooking and find it a good distraction for an hour a day s any ideas would be welcomed! Love you guys, G x
Hey guys,
I am a gay teenager and I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and the one person I feel comfortable speaking my mind with is also somebody who I have had a crush on for years (he knows about my feelings but thinks they're a thing of the past). Obviously being able to speak to him is the best thing but also whenever we finish chatting or whenever I leave having seen him in person I always am hit with a particularly bad wave of depression. Just wondering if anybody had any opinion on what would be the best thing for me to do: break contact with him because of the serious negative effect he has on my mental health or stay friendly, be able to continue talking to him about anything and everything and pretend nothing is wrong?? Ty x (p.s. I'm new to this subreddit and reddit as a whole so apologies if my post breaks any of the rules)

como eu faço para jogar
?

Lucas, você tem algum parentesco com o castanhari?


So, I have been seriously struggling the past couple of months (as in I cry and feel low at least once a week, I exercise and eat well) 
and last night I decided to stop taking everything so personally. Some things in my life are shit, but I know that most is logically really good. Yet still I still have felt quite low, fairly regularly.
I think for my life I have latched onto people. To distract others from me but also to feel safe. But when people stop being as close to me as I would be comfortable with, I have accepted that I am quite needy, I withdraw sometimes fairly drastically and find it hard to find a balance and healthy relationship. I see that others need space, and I think this is how I have kept any relationships. I have found a man that I fell head over heels in love with and I really would like to not fuck it up. I have withdrawn though. I find it difficult to ask him to do things because I imagine that he would rather just do things without me. He invites me to hang with his friends and I leave him go alone because I am afraid that I will ruin their time.
Has anyone else had any experience with this? Has anyone any advice on how to stop being either roasting hot, or freezing cold in relationships?
I know that I have a really low view of myself and Im working on that separately. I'm waiting to see a councilor at the moment, but until that happens I would like to try and work through as much as I can on my own so that I can get the most out of the sessions.
Hi I am new to reddit as a member, but especially in the last few weeks I have been reading through many of the awesome subreddits on this website. I am 20 years old, from canada. I used to be an opioid addict, hydromorphone specifically . I am clean now. I have been on one type of antidepressant / anti anxiety / anti psychotic (though not psychotic), since 10 years old. I have no reason to exaggerate, my first medication ttrial was venlafaxine i think 25 mgs but not sure on the mgs. throughout my teen years I first injected oxyNEO not contin at the age of 15. i was on and off addicted to hydromorphone. insufflated. I smoked crack, did meth, shrooms, smoked weed every day.

I am clean from everything now, except pot and my "Meds". I am currently taking 30mg vyvanse 1 mg clonazepam (FOR THE LAST 3 YEARS, I AM GETTING SCARED NOW CAUSE I KNOW It's gonna be bad.) I ALSO TAKE GABAPENTIN WHICH IS A NIGHT MARE PLEASE DO NOT TAKE IT EVERYDAY THE DRUG COMPANIES ARE FUCKING LYING THEY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT THIS DRUG, AND, my last med i take is 45 mg mirtazapine. I am TIRED reddit, and it's nobody elses problem. I get that. and some days i do feel happy. but most afternoons and evenings leave me just overthinking everyhting from my breathing to my existence and i just cant take much more my family is falling apart it used to be so much more caring. people think im handicapped now they call me buddy in a condescending tone yet i used to be so smart. my potential has disappeared . i feel like i could still be a positive contribution but yea idk my mind has never shut off and I feel like i cant do anything without my vyvanse. chatter chatter is all i hear in my mind. my family expects me literally to be perfect everyday and i try hard to be positive but I can't do it all the time. My mom is extremely supportive , My step dad wants me to jump off a bridge and my little brother has no reason to respect my existence.

Any way, nice to meet u guys hope u have a good night. 
You know what though I'm lying to myself to not believe that I am strong enough to get through this. Fuck it, I'm gonna keep battling on. what other choice do any of us have? Let's get it. When I wake up tommorow , If I remember this goal I am going to try my best to find some people on reddit my advice may be helpful to. what else can i do except try to help others. nothing else actually creates lasting good it seems. Love and peace , and no I didn't relapse on any of the aforementioned drugs. Good night reddit.
Thank you very much brother.
Good luck sir!

a good topic, but the link is mostly useful if you're looking for a fancy private hospital in central florida.

i just did this google search:

https://www.google.com/search?q=bipolar+parenting

and here's a touching bit from the first result:

> 4 . Your child is an individual, with a story to tell

> Yes, you have bipolar disorder but your journey is part of your child’s life as well. Your story adds to their character.

also, [Odyssey BHC](http://odysseybehavioralhealth.com/), i bet you have some interesting stuff to contribute, maybe especially to larger subredduts, but this one only has 149 subscribers so you probably won't drum up any business advertising on here, and the subs where there's actually an active community probably won't appreciate such blatant advertising.

edit: "Our residential treatment program ...  rates start at only $800 per day. " (from a 3.5 year old [link from your site](http://www.pasadenavilla.com/2013/08/23/the-truth-about-the-costs-of-quality-residential-mental-health-treatment/)) - wow. just... wow.
Hello everyone,

I’ve had this experience in the past where I lost my mind (had psychosis) in the springtime. My mind was pretty messed up for few months or so and it was very distressing experience. I pretty much remember every detail about it and I wish I wouldn’t. 
The thing is that nowadays although im pretty fine with the experience itself, I feel that some of those feelings pop up again every spring. Like some smells, scenes, sun and people really bring those feelings on to the surface. It feels agonising. Sometimes the feelings are so strong that they almost paralyze me.
I think that those feelings are just somekind of malfunction of the brain and memory. Deeply Im fine and happy, but these things associated with the experience make me go through the feelings over and over again. Its not as strong as every spring. It differs every time. I’ve learned to hate and fear spring. I wish I could just jump over it.
Is there any way to overcome these feelings? I don’t want to use any medication. Drugs are always a escape but not a healthy option in the long run.
Does any of you guys have any similar experiences? Any recommended actions?
With best regards,
Me
See a doctor! They can help you. Tell them you don't want to go back on meds
Ive been to a therapy. I just feel like It didnt do much. And I dont really feel the urge to talk about this experience. Like theres nothing to talk about it. I've talked about it a lot in the past and I can talk about it if needed, but its just that I feel like there is no need to talk about it. It doesnt make the things any different. 

Is there any way to erase these "associations" with the experience or erase memory or something?



I am a 13 year old guy, I notice things quite well- maybe even a bit TOO well. 

I have ADHD, I notice everything in the room, meaning EVERYTHING. I know where the ceiling is, it s pattern, what it can possibly be made of, how it s made why was it made this way. While I ask myself these questions, I also answer them myself which also leads to more questions. 

I am VERY sensitive to sound, I hear a creak in the house and there I go flipping around, asking myself multiple questions. 

I hear everything. I hear all conversations that are within my tight radius. Parents could be talking about politics while I ll be playing video games. I will understand what they are talking about and not get distracted. 

I also come up with creative solutions to problems, I try to visualize every possible outcome if I did x instead of y. 

I study every single person and remember their expressions when they are sad, mad and when they are lying. I can understand when a person is lying pretty easily.

I get distracted easily, I'll look at something and ask too many questions, once I ask one question, I answer it myself and continue to ask questions. It can get annoying, example: Is my red your red? I finally ended it by just saying, 'no, you don't have my eyes therefore you don't see the same as me'.

Do I have low latent inhibition or not? Thanks for everything /r/mental!
I have no capacity to say whether you have it or not, however I'm 22 and I've been told I was adhd multiple times and bipolar. I feel almost exactly like how you described and have my whole life. I feel like these are traits for LLI but it isn't an overly researched field or even that well known as far as I can tell. I mean I've been studying psychology and science for a while now and I only heard of latent inhibition a couple of weeks ago.
As far as your symptoms go... I definitely know what you mean. Always aware of everything that's going on with every possible outcome that could go with it. And some ability to notice and perceive things that everyone I know cannot. I feel like it would adequately explain my feelings of anxiety depression and complete dissociation.
Sorry not trying to talk your ear off I just am searching for answers just like you are, and it's comforting hearing of others with similar issues.
Keep looking for answers and question everything my friend. Take everything you hear with a grain of salt, no matter who says it. Keep an open mind but accept things only if they have a rational basis.
My physician and insurance will not touch the subject of who or where I should go. My insurance provides a list on their sites of covered offices and I have 20 visits a year. I cannot squander them on trial and error.

I'm 30, male, I have issues with mild depression, anxiety, I'm unemployed and have been for the last 7-8 years. I live at home and often fear of losing it. I want to seek help. 

I have a thyroid disease (Hashimoto's) and a new health issue causing severe discomfort unrelated to my depression, anxiety, or thyroid that my doctor cannot diagnose. I am trying to find a specialist for that but in the mean time my home life consists of avoidance of family such that I lock myself in my room and hide all day. My mother was the last person I could be around fearlessly but now even that is beginning to lessen. 

My father causes anxiety and panic attacks. I am almost for certain required to take a xanax not to feel the dread of the universe burning and crushing, as when he shows up I immediately hide away and do not emerge til he's gone. He no longer lives at home so is often not around but comes and stays for a day once every few weeks.

I have inconsistent health quality, my motives and desires change from week to week. It's hard to build any drive to commit to a path that takes me from here. I have so many fears of that path and whether it's worth it or not. 

I have so little faith I'll find someone that can help me or knowledge of who to even start that endeavor with that I've struggled with the idea literally for years. But I can't hold it off anymore. I want help and need to learn who can provide it.

I've been to a therapist in the past but their advice amounted to "gee that sucks, get a job." and "times up, see you in two weeks."

**tl;dr**  How do I know whether I need to see a Psychologist, Psychiatrist, etc, which will most likely be able to address and help with the severe decade long issues I've dealt with? 

Simply talking with someone for hundreds of dollars every two weeks will not help enough.


I'm willing to answer any questions that will lead to discerning what I should do.

Thank you for any and all replies.
Quick question what insurance do you have and what state do you live in
I need an opinion on something. I get these weird feelings of wanting to kill someone. Just anyone. I'm not angry at anyone or anything. I actually quite like my life and everyone in it. I'm not depressed or suicidal. I just get these really sometimes intense feelings on killing someone. I go into a state of numbness and focus like I'm not in controll. This is very real and it is scary after I come out of it. I'm not easily freaked out or grossed out at anything. I sometimes smile at the sight of death. That sounds really messed up now that I see it in writing. I don't thing I'm weird or anything. I'm not that kid that sits by himself. I have a group of friends. I'm a football player and have relatively good grades and a good outlook on life. I don't think I hear voices. Not like what you see on TV where it sounds like it's a real person whispering over my shoulder. It seems very light and in the way way way back of my mind. Should I see someone about this? I have never told anyone this at all in my life. This is a little scary and If there is a way to stop it. Thank you to anyone who helps me or gives me advice.
I would definitely speak to a psychiatrist about this. You know yourself better than anyone else does so you know when something isn't right. 
What if it progresses to actual crime? Wouldn't you want to prevent that? Whatever the outcome...good or bad, it's better to look for answers and solutions now rather than later. 
Control your mind before it controls you. 
Good luck 😊

I'm currently undiagnosed, but I've been battling depressive thoughts and mental/emotional imbalances for a few years now. I've continued to cut/harm myself in adulthood, both in anger and more focused outbursts, and I'm struggling to sleep. It's very easy for me to spiral into a depressive state, and I'm struggling to maintain a consistent mental state; it can fluctuate from elation to self disdain within an hour. At times i feel frantic, particularly when harming myself or thinking about the possibility of my being mentally unstable. I struggle to move past my mistakes, I have cried about them for days and obsessed about them for longer.

At my lowest, it feels like there's this deep-seated ache in my bones, particularly in the upper body. I feel unfathomably sad and empty. At times like this, being around people is painful and makes me feel hysterical to the point where i have to leave. This is when I most often cut myself. I feel frightened both for and of myself.

I know that being a classified as a danger to yourself or others is one of the only ways for the NHS to really listen to you. It's taken me a long time to work up the nerve to consider this. I can't do it if in going to be dismissed or thrown on the pile.
I'm sorry you've been struggling for a while. How are you doing? 
It is a big decision to ask for help. It took me years and several attempts/false starts to do it. For me it's working out well, I'm on a medication that's helping me a lot, at least for my anxiety-depression and self harm are going to take more. I've heard less positive stories about the NHS and mental health, but it's the best place to start. 

(This has happened less and less recently).
At random points in my day, I'll have visions which cover up my sight and are generally preceded by waves of cold and uncontrollable shuddering.
The most recent one was a vision of strangling one of my three friends with a wire which I actually had in my hands at the time. That one happened in school, I sit right behind them. Fortunately didn't act on it. That friend has gotten me through a lot of tough shit (am I allowed to swear here?).
Most of the visions happen when I'm home alone. I want to ask my parents to get me tested but how do you even ask that?
Could you describe the visions in deeper detail? Do they obstruct all other thought, are the cold feelings you get prevalent before, after the "vision" occurs?

If you're not looking to talk about it, and just want advice on how to bring it up to your parents I understand, and would recommend simply explaining your situation. Unobstructed truth is the best way to allow others to see, and feel things the way you do. So tell them "Mother, Father, recently I have come to find myself having troubling visions (maybe use a different word dont know how yohr parents would take it since it reads like a novel. Then again it is your choice and you know your parents better than I) I am quite serious about this, and would like to see a specialist to determine the cause". Maybe go into some detail about the way in which they affect you "when I have the visions I don't feel any inclination to act on them, but their vivid enough to cause distress". 

Hope it helps if you want someone to talk to message me. 

As the title said.
I am so sorry about your girlfriend. Have you talked to her about her reasons for this and get her some help.

I've been taking celixa for many months now and in the past few days when I wake up I feel very depressed. Also sleeping for 12+ hours and wanting to go back to bed. What do I do?
Hi You best go back to the doctor and review the medication.
So I've noticed that I am lazy. And have no motivation. I would rather lay in my bed and sleep all day (which I do I sleep 10+ hours a day) than do anything else. It's gotten bad. I'm 26 and even looking for a job in my field or doing stuff I enjoy like video games or reading I don't do. I just lay in bed or eat. I'm fat too 370 lbs. And love eatting. Idk wtf is up with me. I've tried getting my self to do shit and being motivated but zero. What should I do. 
Depression. These are the classic symptoms.
Get out of the house and exercise. Even if it just a little walk everyday. Eat healthy foods and doing one thing you love to do everyday.

Basically, I lose my train of thought at least 10 times a day. Either it's within my own internal thought process, in a conversation, sometimes I lose my train of thought in the middle of my sentences. I will occasionally forget one item on a list, and my brain will sometimes get stuck so not only can I not think of what I forgot, I can't think of anything at all. Any small distraction is enough to make me forget what I was saying or doing. I've tried looking elsewhere on the Internet to no avail. I've also dealt with some mild depression in the past, but I'm doing better with this now. Any advice helps! I've developed some coping strategies, like writing things down right when I think of them, but that's not always possible. Tonight I got fed up with forgetting everything, I'm so frustrated with myself and my brain. I plan on going to a counselor on Tuesday to see if they can help me too. I might be editing this post because I know I forgot at least one thing while writing this. I'm so sick of this.
Background: Bullied severely from ages 6-12. Bullied lived 5 second walk across the road and went to the same school as me. His bullying caused others to join in and the authorities and school were made aware but living in an Irish catholic society, there was no help given to me and it was never stopped. I fell into a lot criminal and anti-social behaviour in my teenaged years and began smoking weed at 15. I became a frequent user, spending all of my money on it (what little I had, I live in poverty) and from the ages of 18-20, while in counselling every week, I spent 95% of that time sitting in my room smoking and contemplating suicide while thinking I was going to go to jail for my past crimes. I failed 2 college courses during this time. I didn't end up in jail, the judge saw hope in me and gave me a suspended sentence. I eventually got out of my rut, stopped smoking and got into fitness. I even met my first real girlfriend (end of 2013 on new years) and passed a 1 year college course last year.

Fast forward to christmas past, my mother had been sick with cancer and died on christmas eve. During her deteriorating stage, I began smoking again (weed+tobacco) and stopped exercising. I was in my second year of college but dropped out after my mother passed. My girlfriend stayed with me for a long time, throughout the freakouts. She smoked weed too which kind of enabled me. around 6 or 7 weeks ago we split up, she told me she had cheated on me in the past. I was sitting at my mother's grave when she rang me and told me, I felt like I had lost the 2 people I loved the most in the space of half a year. I've given up weed and tobacco again since and am getting back into exercise. I've lost most of my friends recently too, one of them was toxic to me so I cut him out, the rest kind of followed him.

But what I want to know is how, when faced with a traumatic experience, I can deal with it in a healthy manner? I don't want to get my life back together again just for it to fall apart when times get rough. How do I increase my coping skills?



So, I cant be near fish tanks bigger than my torso.

Every time I am my chest tightens, my heart rate speeds up, I start breathing heavier and get dizzy and I feel pressure in my head.

It's something that's surfaced recently and I don't think anything too drastic has happened to me that could cause this... I was pushed into a lake when I was 13 and saw the reeds floating around and a fish but got out pretty quick because I generally knew how to swim (I learned when I was 12, I never had a swimming pool or anything) but even though I cried a bit it was just something that happened and I never noticed anything weird after related to it.

I also often have dreams about being deep underwater and swimming around. Sometimes I don't breathe but I quickly realize its a dream and can control my breathing so they aren't really traumatic.

Can anyone explain it? Or is it just a random irrational fear?
So I am trying to sleep when this crazy question came into my head. It was what would I have to do if there was a major bomb threat in my town? I thought I would maybe need to build an underground bunker to survive the bombing. Then I thought how will I get out of my bunker if there is rubble on top of the entrance? Then I wondered what I should do to call for help with getting out of the bunker. All of this has prevented me from sleeping for the last 30 minutes. Why did this happen?




I absolutely agree that DSM needs to be kept in perspective. It keeps changing the categories within mental illness. This is good in the sense that it shows a willingness to adapt and takes heed of research but it also undermines its credibility a little if diagnoses can change so dramatically. The new DSM-V, for example, has 5 categories for Personality Disorder, whilst DSM-IV-TR had 10+2.


