It sounds more like /r/raisedbynarcissists though. 
Here's a nice story for you. I was not the easiest child (bad ADHD and anxiety). I could be a seriously ungrateful little brat. Beyond that, I definitely wasn't one any of my teachers thought would go on to do great things. My mom, however, just rained love and affection and did absolutely everything she could to improve my self esteem and bring out any academic potential I might have (read lots of psychiatrists and therapists and very expensive private schooling). Thanks to her I got into a good university and am now in medical school. I can't help but think I'd be a lonely, lost child without her, probably on the streets or something (Not even exaggerating. Kids with ADHD plus anxiety experience super high rates of drug addiction.). She is my hero. 
C'mon now, reddit is full of cancerous stuff, self-indulgent whining and refined idiocy. Did you expect this to be any different?
thank you!!
You cheated on my dad for eleven years, coming home every night, smiling and pretending to be something you weren't.  He worked himself into the ground to support your expensive tastes and bad decisions, loving you the whole time, and every night when you were supposedly talking to "grandma" you were talking to this guy.

Then you divorced him and took everything.

I will never, ever speak to you again.  It's been three years since that fateful Christmas where I discovered your affair and you left across the country the next day to be with "a better man."

I am ashamed to have half of my DNA come from you.  I am ashamed that I see you when I look in the mirror.

You will never be my mother again, and you will live the rest of your life without ever hearing the name or seeing the face of your only child.
k
I came here from an advertisement on reddit truly expecting happy mother loving memories. Holy shit you just brought out shit that I've been repressing for years.

Fuck that. I love my mother, and you'd better love yours too you narcissistic fuck. 

edit: here's an upvote.
Your mom sucks but your dad is cool.  I know it's hard but try not to hate your mom.  

Look, man. I just got here but I can already tell this is supposed to be a positive subreddit. /r/offmychest is meant for stuff like this.
Jesus Fuck
My condolences, sounds like you had it rough.
What a strange subreddit I have stumbled upon.
Thanks for this. My mom is even worse than yours and people who think you should have unconditional love and loyalty to your parents piss me off.
Why dont you just kill her then?
therapy helps
issues 
I'm sorry momma!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
Was her own mom like this as well?
I came here from an ad too, was not expecting this

I thought clicking that ad was a waste of time.

How wrong I was.
Fuck you, you aren't obliged to love your mother, especially when she is a piece of shit who exploits your father, it isn't narcissistic to hate somebody who is responsible for cheating on your dad for eleven years.
If they need to talk let me talk.  It's what mom would want.
Duh
[Proof...](http://i.imgur.com/KuAgP1i.jpg)

She whipped this up on a laptop touchpad in ~5 mins...

Edit: ha...just realized her birds are flying upside down.
Aww your mom is incredible !! 
Dang, that's a nice rose.
How does she do that?  And is she artistic "by nature"?
Does she play on doodleordie.com ? 
i am your mommie
thanks :) pretty cool, huh?
i still don't know how she does it...ha

and yes, she is artistic "by nature"... :) she just doesn't really use it...
> doodleordie.com

never heard of it...so, i doubt she has...

i read that as doodle ordie btw ha
did you check it out?
> doodleordie.com

it's actually fun, but very hard to do with a mouse or trackpad :(

also don't like that it forces me to use more paint almost every time...
Gotta say for the first 10 years of my adoption period, my mother thought I hated her. Didn't know how to express myself or my frustrations as a child. We got over that. 

I've never looked at my mother as anyone but my mother. Never my adopted mother, neither just "Judy" or anything akin to that. She's just mom. We're coming on the 27th anniversary since my adoption.

She's a cool cat my my mom is. Just wanted to say that. 
Hey, I came here randomly, and I noticed you weren't getting any love for this.

Just wanted to say I'm happy you were taken into a loving home.

Now, do your part and be sure to teach the next generation.

I feel better; thanks for sharing. 

Best wishes! Make sure she knows how much you appreciate all she's done, though I suspect you do this already.

.<3
I thought it was mother's day or something. 
I though maybe some kind of incest sub...
It disappointed me as well



Love it ❤❤
NC State ?
first facebook esque comment I've seen on reddit, ever.

Hello everyone :)

Discuss anything related to our beautiful mothers.

NO SPAM and HATE please. I'm a new mod, will try and keep this sub clean and friendly. Will need your help :)

**Enjoy**
fuk u
is it mothers day or something ?????
Put some rules up and a brief description as to what the intended purpous for this sub is.

Is it a support group for moms? A mom appreciation group? A subreddit for us to vent about horrible moms? Incest fetish group?

As a mom, I have to help you out here. "OUR" is what you were looking for, unless you meant mothers that were "OUT". (Sorry - some moms will always be grammar nazis so you look smarter more employable.) 
Why are you (or this sub in general) running ads on /r/raisedbynarcissists ? That's just cruel.
sorry for your early loss
for us, everyday is a mothers day
haha.. THANKS a lot :) 

will correct it :D
Have NO control over ads. I just requested a free ad (yes, there is a sub for that) and it got approved :)

but yeah... that is not very good!
Sorry, my bad then! It is a nice ad.

I saw the ads on Reddit and clicked on it and I ended up here. I guess this is trying to be some sort of mom appreciation thing? Which is cool and all, but actually give some rules. Do you really wonder why people post MILFs here?  You have no rules, if you actually put something that says "No porn" or some shit you wouldn't have the problem. And mods, learn how to actually do your job. You keep on complaining about the porn so fucking get rid of it. And actually look through the subreddit to delete that shit. 
 it's a secret CP subreddit you dip 
Yea.  Second time I've clicked on an add that took me here.  Still have very little idea why this sub exists.
wait what
please tell me you're posting this from a proxy
??
honestly what I thought this sub was for, what is it then?
11/10
NO
its so people whose mom's have died can be reminded that theyre moms are dead and get a little sad because an ad came out of nowhere. 

I think
but milfs
I recently came out to my mom as transgender, and she really isn't happy about that.

Our relationship has changed so much. It's like, it's the same but there's always this elephant in the room. She refuses to talk to me about it, will not get involved with it, and I just feel like she doesn't even know me anymore, and all of our interactions are a charade. I have to hide changes and behaviors when I'm around her.

I've reached a point in my life where I don't need her anymore, but I want her in my life, and I wish I could get her to understand me, as I am, not as she sees me.
damn that's crazy. my mom has been dead since I was like 10 so I never had to have her question who I was. I can always go back and be like "oh yeah, she'd be totally fine with that." but who knows? 

Maybe she wouldn't like parts of me, but since she's dead it doesn't matter. Her character isn't gonna grow much more. There's no room for development. Hopefully there's room for development in your mom's life. 

Sending love your way :] Shit will work out, maybe! 
Go get yourself proper treatment. Explain to her that you can't help it, transgenderism is backed up by biology and is a medical condition, and the best course of action for you is hormones and surgery. If she still doesn't accept you after she sees how happy you are in the right body, her loss.
[deleted]
Thanks for your reply. I'm hoping she'll stop being stubborn and try to see things my way. I have a friend who started hormones the same day I did, and her mom seems to be growing to accept her recently. I'm considering typing out a long, honest letter about my feelings throughout life and why I must do what I'm doing. Thanks for the encouragement.
Already working on it. I told her about the HRT when I first came out. I think that bothered her more than anything else. She told me to stop taking hormones or move out. So I'm lying. I'm trying to get her to a point where she gives me permission to resume, so that I can, a couple months later perhaps, stop hiding the changes. I'm considering sending her what is essentially an essay about my life I wrote to get her thinking, but I'm worried it's just going to upset her. I think my dad will protect me, but I can't be sure.
Thanks.
She needs to know that this is truly what's best for you. I say have a heart to heart with her. She's hoping if she ignores it it will go away, she's uncomfortable with her child, the one she gave birth to, undergoing such a drastic change. I know my mom had to grieve for the daughter she thought she lost for me. Let her know this is not a phase, and tell her she's going to have to deal with it, and love you for who you are.

How old are you if you don't mind me asking?


*26*. Moving out isn't an option for me right now. I would be in a really bad position if I got kicked out.



Not to mention how flexible she's become, yo! Boom, Count It!
A crack addict and sucks dick for a living

What do i do?
new crack pipe for mothers day and some breathe mints

Get her some listerine for those Kodak moments.
seriously. take her to a good doctor. If you are working and earning, then support her. She is your mom. save her! no one else win
thank you i will take this into consideration
lol wtf
I bet they are so happy about putting that ad out. 

Attracted exactly who they thought it would.
no for real my mom is a crack addict and sucks dick for a living

what do I do?

i don't think thats a POV
*narwhal. What would you label it as? One shouldn't tell someone they're wrong, unless they have the correct answer ready...
I guess a selfie video idk the proper terminology. 

Hi all,

It's been about 3 months since I saw my mom and have been with a new girlfriend for about that long.....we're going down to see her on May 21st and I'm absolutly terrified as she's pregnant and we're wanting to tell her, my mom loves me I know she does but she's a very intimidating woman. How can we do this and her not hate my girlfriend as she's amazing, after an abusive relationship she brought me out of the slump I was in, has shown me how good looking I am, that I'm amazing to her son and her, and that she genuinely wants me for me and doesn't believe I ever need to change.

She's made me a better person, and I don't want my mom to hate her for being pregnant...it was an accident, she's on the depo-shot I was using a condom and it still happened, mothers of reddit, Help?
I wouldn't make her fell attacked when you get there. If your mom is intimidating I would suggest just you sitting her down and letting her know in a private place so that she can react how she wants and not have to hold it in. This gives her the opportunity to twenty questions you if she wants to and for it to remain with you two. After allow her to congratulate your girlfriend. Just one opinion of many I am sure. Congrats to you!
Yay!!! Good for you
Thank you Leah :) That was my plan originally I'm just quite nervous of my mom, I know she'll be elated after as she has always wanted grandchildren, this will be the first of many :P as now she technically has 2 as her son I basically have accepted as my own and treat him as such.
It went much better than expected they're extremely excited :D
Great!!!
Upvote for visibility.
Strange times... when mothers have become Once/Day/Year subject... 
Hello /r/mom! I discovered this subreddit and felt compelled to share my story with you all. 

I'm 18 years old, and my mom will be 58 tomorrow. These years have been difficult, but somehow my mother still manages to wake up, smile, and laugh. 

As a young adult, problems arose early. My mom had (and still has to this day) TMJ and rather debilitating migraines- and on top of that, endometriosis. At the time, it was difficult to diagnose and near-impossible to treat, and she had always wanted a family. Because it was so hard to diagnose, she had to undergo multiple emergency surgeries for internal bleeding, and it's incredible that she lived through that. Living on her own, she was forced to only work temp jobs, since her medical issues made it extremely difficult for her to hold down a permanent job. Her medical problems also forced her to drop out of college, and she was unable to work in the veterinary field, where her passion for animals would be able to shine. My mother is an extremely bright, lively, sociable woman; it's too disheartening for words that she was stripped of opportunities. 

Even though she had been told it was impossible, she looked into cures for her endo on her own. And, evidently, it worked- since, she's given birth to two healthy girls, something else she was told would be impossible. The pregnancy was something of an accident- she had given up on trying to have children because of the doctor's convincing her that it was an awful idea. But upon moving to Alaska, where we currently live, she met the man that she would proceed to spend 20 years of her life with (my father, and they are currently still married c: ).

One child was a miracle enough, let alone two- born without birth defects, and born very healthy. 

Sadly, her health just got worse from there. 

She's had a disc blow out in her back- requiring surgeries and years of physical therapy and pain medication. The pain reached her neck. Her migraines didn't stop, and she developed stomach ulcers and gallstones (more surgeries...). 

But worst of all, she had the cartilage in her knees wear down, requiring knee replacements. She had both of her knees replaced at the same time... by a doctor who refused to heed to her metal allergies. She had asked very specifically for pure titanium knees, and her metal allergies were all over her medical charts. The doctor put in titanium alloy knees, which gave her cobalt/nickel poisoning. 

That was 6 years ago. She has never recovered. Even with revisions to give her ceramic replacements, the poisoning had done its work. By this time, she developed a rare, incurable disease- [CRPS.](http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/reflex_sympathetic_dystrophy/detail_reflex_sympathetic_dystrophy.htm) It has been 6 years of trying to find a treatment that works- and so far, we've found treatments that dull the pain just slightly, but not enough. My mother can hardly leave her bed. She has a spinal stimulator, a pain pump that douses her spinal column in morphine, and she takes morphine orally. She cannot leave the house without her electric wheelchair. She cannot wear anything on her knees- which is very difficult in the winters here. She has to wear shorts. Her balance is very bad, and it's impossible for her to get up on her own if she falls. 

But, she still finds purpose to get up in the morning. She still smiles and laughs. She's very loving and caring. And though it's difficult, she still takes care of her children- 18 year old me (who has... a lot of mental disorders, but that's another story. however she did have to deal with my depression making me just as disabled as her for a good 4 years), and my 16 year old sister (a handful). I've written this post to show the world just how incredible my mother truly is. 

Happy 58th birthday to the strongest woman I know. 


Very touching, thank you for sharing this.

My mom just turned 60 and she's also the strongest woman I know. I think it's really easy for me to forget how much she's gone through. Thanks for the reminder. 
take her to a motel for the night, best of luck!
Why is there an ad for your subreddit on my front page? DO YOU WANT ME TO HAVE A BREAKDOWN TODAY REDDIT? CAUSE IM PRETTY CLOSE TO A BREAKDOWN AND MAKING ME THINK ABOUT MY DEAD MOM IS REEEEEEALLY PUSHING IT. 
Sorry.
Mine too.  It's the ad that brought me here.  Fuck knows why they're advertising a sub like this.
I thought the same thing and clicked on this subreddit anyway. My mom died of cancer too. Way too young. This sub is making me sad. 
My mom died of cancer 6 years ago. My dad died of a massive heart attack 43 years ago. There are times when I am ok and times when I am very not ok about each one of them.  Time helps some but you never fully heal from the loss.  There are triggers everywhere but you learn to deal with it and function day to day. You wouldn't want to forget her so you just have to work on dealing with memories. Sometimes you cry, that's ok, its part of being human.
Hey. As you know, the ad is unrelated to your loss, but I'd like to offer my sympathies. I'm just a stranger, but I want you to know you're not alone.

Cheesy or not, I don't care. Hang in there. Set the example for yourself that you would want her to see in you, now.

And yes, cancer is a fucking whore. Regardless, you caught on that you were given a gift despite everything, and I hope you make the most out of it.

Best wishes, and keep your chin up. It's always darkest before dawn.
Just read over my comment and realized dad has been gone almost as long as he was here. He died at 44, 43 years ago.  That brought tears. See, you never know what can be a trigger. You just remember their love and gain strength from that. Look at your own children and know that you were just as precious to your parents as your kids are to you

Cool.
it's all good, I had to come to terms with it a long time ago. I realized I can simultaneously be okay and not okay with her death. Like, fuck cancer and I want her back everyday, but also I gotta do shit with my life and enjoy it however I can because it is a gift she gave me. 
Mine three. It's been ten years, well, April 9 anyway.

Stupid suicide.

Screw ads.
Thanks for the words. It's always good now and then to shout into the universe and hear an echo or two back. 
Your post makes  you seem defiantly not okay at all
same. I recommend analyzing WHY she got cancer, and not doing those things. Everyone in my family was way to busy being annihilated by sadness to even consider why my Mom developed terminal cancer.
My pleasure. I hope you find the upcoming days warmer than you expected. =)
trust me im a reeeeeeaally exaggerative person. 
why did your mom develop terminal cancer?

Afaik she didn't smoke or anything and it was breast cancer that got treated but then a year or so later it developed all over her body and brain.
you know, its been a few days now and the temperature outside is warm as fuck, like winter ended. I know what you meant but its kinda scary that you predicted the weather like that. 

sorry I came back to /r/mom and saw this, had to write it.
She had ovarian cancer that spread tumors throughout the body. it was (mainly) influenced by two factors. Her diet - which  largely consisted of cancerous substances such as artificial sugar, bleached white bread, lots of real sugar in things like tomato sauce... basically the standard american diet. She also was prone to getting very angry. Not in a like abusive or negatively impacting way, but certainly in an overwhelming way which can kill your immune system. So she just didn't know how to put nutirents in her body, which can be said for about 99% of Americans. Hence the catostrophic rise in cancer.. not saying it is all diet based but diet is HUGE.

so the rest of my family never looked at these things, partially because they don't know that much of the food they eat is cancerous, and partially because they were too sad to analyze it at all. It took me many years to look back and go "OK what happened here"
Genetic testing.  Check to make sure you're not carrying a BRCA mutation.  Google BRCA1 and BRCA2. Basically none of the things the other person mentioned, but obesity and lack of exercise are both risk factors for breast and other cancers.  
Don't be sorry. I'm just glad you had some nice weather to enjoy.

I have a feeling it won't last much longer, though, but winter can't hold on forever.


I was asked to give an account of how her teaching impacted my life. They told me to keep it short... I tried, but it just didn't work.
Here's my entry - 

When your teacher mother requests a letter from you, detailing the extent to which her penchant for educating has impacted your life, it is slightly intimidating. 
I could start by discussing how she reinforced early reading habits by rewarding minutes of play time for every children’s book we read, or the lengths she went to keep my brother and I sharp over summer break with learning packets and reading clubs. Alas, these activities are typical of highly educated families, and one should expect nothing less of parents with high expectations for their kin.
Perhaps it is her ability to present scenarios and outcomes, but then sit back and let the second party decide what to do with the given information. Whether it’s an idea of direction to take an essay, or one of us mulling over an opportunity to take a job across the country, she takes all sides into account and is able to offer a remarkably unbiased analysis. But there are always friends whom with you can brainstorm and seek similar advice. So, while this is a very valuable trait, there is more to what separates my mom as a facilitator of learning.
Her love, unparalleled work ethic, undying curiosity, open-mindedness, compassion, or top-flight intellectual ability could each stake a claim for why she is such an excellent teacher. Still, that doesn’t capture the most important trait my brother, myself, or her students have adopted from her.
Perseverance can be defined a multitude of ways: persistent, determined, gritty, stubborn. 
When the going gets rough, there isn’t anyone in the world I would trust to better handle things than my mom. I have lived through some of the crappiest times a person can go through with her by my side, and where a weaker soul may have crumbled, she somehow led us out even stronger. The perspicacity necessary to look into someone’s eyes when their world is crumbling around them, and with 100% confidence assure them that they can and will achieve every goal in life is a talent many may hone in practice, but crack when calamity occurs.
It is this eternal belief that we as humans can and will persevere which transcends my mother’s status as a teacher. When learning any lesson from her, one can’t help but feel that anything is possible with the right tools and effort, no matter the obstacles.
In a society riddled with ineptitude and people looking for the easy way out, individuals like my mom deserve nothing but idolization and praise for setting standards we should all be busting our rear’s to attain.
Simply honoring my mother with an award would not do justice to the mountain of acclaim she deserves, but it would raise awareness for the incredible body of work she has amassed over her life.
It’s been a privilege to have apprenticed under her all these years, but it’s been even more amazing to call her mom.
Thank you,

Her loving son
Beautiful read! She must be an amazing woman. BRB calling my own mother.
Your mom sounds like a wonderful person!

Feels weird. I avoided doing this for so long. I've browsed /r raisedbynarc for a while but it never felt like I had anything to contribute. My mom has been shitty to me, yes but throwing the narc label on her just made things harder to process. I miss when she actually cared for me but I have to recognize that it's time to take care of myself. It's so hard to let myself relax, or have fun, or  to not constantly punish myself without the conditioned input I've been told I need. I don't want my life defined by her or her actions. I don't want to spend my life struggling to sleep and focus and even feel good enough to see my friends. As of today I'm going to face the way I feel and have been made to feel. It's time I move on.

Goodbye, Mom.
I loved you.
Sir, Ma'm whatever

i just saw this subreddit on the side and said sure why not and you were the first post.

I'll go ahead and back pedal out of the sub because I'm not exactly in the mood to get all emotional but **I'm proud of you** 

Stay strong.
Sorry for making you feel overwhelmed, stranger. I appreciate you though. So much. I hope you stay well or get well if you aren't right now.

Thank you.
 Accepting our past as a fact and creating our own future in the present is the only sorry I'll accept.

Never apologize for being human.

My Kik is Trumpeter325. 22, male, sends pics, just looking for some fun. I'll give more background to those who send a message. (: 
Why is he allowed on this sub?  
You are sad
Mods pls
All hail the Satan Fish
Koi
hail me 



Hi mom,  I am a mother of three little kids the elder is 3 years old and a twins a boy and a girl will be two years next February, I just moved in to another country away from my family and friends with my husband who wasn't actually with us for the past four years ( since we got married)  I am so frustrated and disappointed, I thought I could build us a family and joining the kids with their father was my goal, but everything around me is tackling my nerves, staying at home is not my thing and definitely being among them for longer times during the weeks is killing my soul,,, am I a very bad mother... I don't like to set at home and cannot find a suitable job cause of the language barrier..i need your advice... Should I. Go back home and raise them alone again.... Or what should I do to calm me down... I am afraid on my health... I cry for hours every day 
Do you still love him? Do you think there is a chance he will change? 

I was kinda in the same spot 10 years ago. But, I only moved 10 hrs away from my Family. My daughter was 4 at the time. She is now one of the happiest teenagers I know. 

Don't  get me wrong, sometimes I feel I should of stayed. But, she is very happy here. Right now, it's all about her. Once, she is in college, hard telling where I will end up. 

You have to do what's best for your kids. Most importantly, do it for yourself. If you are unhappy now, do you think it's going to change in 6 months? In a year? If you are not happy, your kids will see that. 

Whatever you do, you have to be happy!

Good Luck to you. 
I feel what you are going through.  I am a mother of 4 and we moved to another state.  I don't have any family or friends here and my husband travels for work.  The first couple years were rough on us but love keep us together and that is all you need.  You need to sit down with your husband and explain that you are unhappy and see what can be done.  
I wish you and your family the best of luck
You are not a bad mother. Being a stay at home all the time with kiddos is for some people and it's not for others. Take a deep breath. You have to do what you think is best for you and your kids. Try to talk through these things with your husband. If you can afford it, consider some in home help. Three small kids is a challenge for anyone. I have one 2 yr old and a mega dog and it's like following around a hurricane. You are strong. This too shall pass.




Because I think I win at this. My mom is a drug addict, alcoholic, bipolar piece of garbage (inb4 "but she's your mom! You should love her!" People with this attitude are not only annoying, but perpetuate harmful, idiotic armchair psychology and should for all intents and purposes, fuck off and shut the fuck up.)  
  
Here's a non-exhaustive list of what a horrific person she is and remains:  
  
*Called child protective services on her grandson to get revenge on my older brother  
*called police on my younger brother when he defended himself against her  
*avowed to - in her own words - "destroy our family" because she was angry at my older brother  
*beat the ever-loving shit out of us. Constantly. Often police had to get involved.  
*asked church pastors to conduct an exorcism on my siblings and I because we were unenthusiastic about going to church  
*stole my dying grandmothers pills while she was on hospice, and was a shitty & abusive caretaker for her  
*Threatened to call my university and portray me as a drug addict to get me expelled  
*Got so many DUIs that she can never get a license again  
*Put my younger brother into special-needs classes which he did not need in order to get a government check, and then suggested my older brother do the same when he took guardianship of him  
  
All around, scum. I hope you'll think of this post next time you think of saying something about family. Just because someone cums inside a bitch and you come out 9 months later doesn't make them family. 
Thank you so much for this. I am so glad to see honesty, beingg a parent is tough, and those who suceed should be lauded, but the ither side ofnthat is that there are terrible mothers out there, and yhey shouldn't be given a pass for their bad behavior just because they decided to have a child.
Sounds like you need to let go of some of that anger. This sounds like my mother to a T. Now imagine all of that, while simultaneously ignoring only you. 

I clicked this sub to see what it was all about, but I think you'd have better luck on one of that many subs that people go to to vent. offmychest is a good one if you're a super liberal PC nazi who is immune to anger. There are others I'm sure. 

Anyway, it sounds like your mother is severely sick and in serious need of.. something. If I knew what I'd give it to my sister and mother myself. 

You also sound really young. I'd delete this thread before too many people see it, because I can guarantee you, even if everything you listed is true, when you're not angry anymore (or just smoke a joint and calm down temporarily) you'll cringe at this. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're wrong to suggest it's somehow bad or unhealthy to feel angry or write about it. I talk about this with all my friends and am not ashamed whatsoever. PM me if you'd care to. I'm very well adjusted FYI, at an excellent school, getting my life together. If you could live through this without hating someone, good for you, you're a saint. I'm not. I genuinely hope she dies.
There were no rules to this subreddit insofar as I ever saw. 
Let's see which happens first. 
Of course I feel anger, but I just don't let it affect my life. I don't need to talk, but if you do I'm sure one of those subs would help you out. 

I'm just saying it doesn't do anyone any good to hold onto anger like that. There truly is power in forgiveness. I remember when I decided to forgive the people who wronged me I literally felt a weight come off my chest. I don't talk to those people, you don't need to talk to someone to forgive them. 
Agreed. This sub seems to be the Wild West. But I have a feeling it's intended to be "pro mom" 
Maybe some day I'll feel like it, maybe I won't. But I don't mind posting it on this sub if that's what this kooky little sub is for. PM me sometime about mom problems if you want haha

cute mom
They taste very good. 
share a bite with us?
this love is the wealth of world 
ham

I don't know where else to share my feelings about mom's, but they show so much care and effort it's like their joy. Love you moms!

image rotated properly
http://i.imgur.com/fOi09C1.jpg?1
I'm gonna go on a rant here... it makes me absolutely livid that people think having a c section doesn't make you a mother, or that you didn't actually give birth to your baby. I'm sorry, but is my baby not a real baby because I didn't push him out my freaking cooch? We're the whole 9 months I was pregnant fake? Are the milestones my child has achieved invalid? Was the week that I could barely walk, let alone carry my child nonexistent? Was the fact that I had my body cut open, taken apart, a BABY taken out of my womb, and then body parts stuffed back in and stapled up mean I'm a coward or any less of a mother? So you had your baby all natural with no pain medication, cool, good for you. You had a baby and are a mother. So what if someone else's circumstances are different and we have to make a choice for the health and wellness of our child and ourselves. I'll be damned if I let someone tell me that I took the easy way out, or that I'm any less of a mother, or that I didn't actually give birth, cause guess what? I have the scar to prove I gave birth to my child
I'm so sorry you someone made you feel this way. Every birth experience is different, just as every parenting style is different. Different isn't necessarily better or worse, it's just an individual experience. Your C section is valid and I hope you are healing well.  That shit is weird and recovery is no joke; I had one 3 months ago. My baby was in the nicu as she and I got an infection during labor,  its not what I envisioned but it's still as real as any vaginal birth. All I wish for you is a happy and healthy baby and a smooth recovery  (I'm assuming you just gave birth but if not you know my point). Best wishes and who cares what "those" moms thinks. Enjoy your new adventure! 
My sister had 3 C sections and is a wonderful loving mother. She experienced as much pain as giving birth naturally! 
I'm scared to death of having a C section. It's definitely not the easy way out! It's what the dr says needs to be done for the mother and the baby! 
She tried to have a natural birth all three times but her hips and narrow and the baby's head got stuck all three times! 
It's not fair to judge people because the don't do things the same way as u! Let all be supportive for the sake of the kids!! Moms united!!!' 
Are people actually saying this to your face? 

I'm a mom a warrior a survivor and I want to share my beautiful little life
I feel bad for my mother. She works for about 8 hours and when she comes home, she needs to feed jer family and can't do anything else. Can anyone give me tips?
Always ask her if there is anything you can do to help. Help her without even asking. If you see something that needs to be done, do it. Love her and let her know you are there to help any time she needs a hand.
 I agree. Just small things like making sure the dishes are put away or if you have younger siblings make sure they are getting what they need so she can have some breathing room. Make sure she knows you love her. I am not sure how old you are but maybe take an interest in cooking so that maybe some nights she only has to supervise. These are just some thoughts. If everyone in the house works together it's can be very productive and you can have more fun time together. 
Give her as much help as you can maybe a massage or two



[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/C9trbGx.gifv)

---

_^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_

ur son is kool
Seriously. tons of shitposting. is having mom in a shit ton of languages on the sidebar more important than having established rules?
there are no rules
this subreddit, it's like r/jontron but worse
We do need more mods and Ideas for rules. We felt if we just made up rules on our own, it would be like a dictatorship :)

You can help if you want, instead of whining and crying
On the side there are the mods. 
I wasn't whining & crying. I was simply describing the current situation of this sub.


I love you mom.if it wasn't for you I don't know what I would do
new WoW xpac!
So I fairly recently moved to the other side of the country so I don't get home for all the holidays like I used to. I saved up enough airline points that I'm going to fly Mom out to visit! We're going to do touristy stuff around town and then we're gonna take a brief trip to Canada. She has never been to another country (not that Canada is terribly different) or even to the west coast before so it's a very exciting trip. She also hasn't been on an airplane before and I admit I'm a little worried about that. 

There is no way my house is going to be clean and she will hate it if I don't show her my place. But I live with three other people and the house is constantly a disaster. Ugh.
Haha. don't worry. No house is clean enough for moms :)

Hope she has a great journey and you guys have a great time!
Seattle?
Yep! I wanted to take her to the Fremont Sunday market but we're going to be in Victoria.

NOTY. 

I'll just have more respect. I just ate; I don't feel like looking at mankind's most disgusting action yet.

But, you know, thanks and all for sharing, anyway.

Best wishes!

p.s. Afterbirth, placenta, gross.


love my mom 


Okay... So a little background first:

So I (23 f) got married about 7 months ago to the absolute perfect man for me. I mean, he literally checked off everything on my perfect guy list! Sure, he had a few flaws and some unexpected things in his past but he really made me happy and that was all I needed. Two things, however, gave a lot of people pause: (1) He is 10 years older than me. Not a big deal to me, but it was to my family. (2) He has two boys (currently 13 and 9) from a former marriage. This was something that intimidated me at first because I am 23 (20 when we met) and I have not kids of my own. However, it was easier to deal with considering they live mostly with their mom and only come see us on the weekends and the for about half the summer.

Please do not misunderstand me when I say this because I love both boys with all my heart! They are my world and I feel very lucky to be their Bonus Mom (I don't like the term "step." It has too bad of a reputation). But now the older of the two says he wants to come move in with us, and his little brother is likely to follow. That scares the hell out of me!

I have told my husband I want us to wait on kids because I am not sure I am mentally ready to be a full time mom. Now, I know some of you will say I should not have married a man with kids if that were the case. And in some ways I would agree. However, I know I have it in me to be a good Mom, but the stess of being a Bonus Mom is a whole different ball game. 

Bottom line is that I could use some advise from other Bonus Moms out there! How would you handle the situation? 


TL;DR I am a 23 f Bonus Mom  (step) whose Bonus Son is possibly going to be moving in with us. I feel unprepared and scared I am going to screw this up. Any advice from others in a similar situation?
Maybe try doing a trial weekend? I thought moving in with my dad in my teens would be a great idea, turned out our ideologies didn't mix. But a trial was what was needed to figure out what's best for us.

They're old enough to entertain themselves (ie not a toddler, having their own activities and responsibilities with school) and follow rules. I think if you set out a list of expectations (kid friendly of course) during the trial period you could see what works and what doesn't. If anything needs changing, try and do it early on so everyone is clear on what the big changes will entail. 

I wouldn't be scared of messing things up! It will be a new experience for all involved so some getting used to is expected. Best of luck!

Don't pay horrible people any mind btw. *eyeroll*
so you are fat, that was easy to suss out.
Thanks for the advice! It is definitely something that we will talk about trying!
Look asshole why are you stalking my wife's post. You followed her from r/louisiana, your a fu*king asshole.
Why are you on another one of my post saying mean and insulting shit when I am talking about my kids you asshole? Do you not have anything better to do with your time?
**Here's a sneak peek of [/r/Louisiana](https://np.reddit.com/r/Louisiana) using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Louisiana/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!**

\#1: [Senator John Kennedy was one of 50 Senators who sold out the people he represents by voting yes to allow internet providers to sell your internet history and data](https://i.redd.it/fhpvtwcaluny.jpg) | [48 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Louisiana/comments/61p497/senator_john_kennedy_was_one_of_50_senators_who/)  
\#2: [[NSFW] \[NSFW\] I try to believe that the world is a good place, but when I see things like this, I can't help but be sad.](http://imgur.com/lkGBoMc) | [26 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Louisiana/comments/53wj62/nsfw_i_try_to_believe_that_the_world_is_a_good/)  
\#3: [Can I get a little Mandeville love?](https://i.redd.it/r5vfafjzuqfy.jpg) | [23 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Louisiana/comments/5txtnk/can_i_get_a_little_mandeville_love/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/5lveo6/blacklist/)
settle down boy, check your nails before you do more damage.
Rant follows. Apologies.

So, I draw a distinct line between "mother" and "mom." A mother, to me, is the person who gave birth to you. A mom is the person who loved you, raised you, and truly gave a shot about you. These two aren't always the same.

My two oldest (now 16 and 14) haven't seen their mother in 12 years. She decided she'd rather party than parent, so she chucked deuces and left the three of us. I spent a couple of years as a single dad, just trying to make ends meet. Then, along came [Misty](https://imgur.com/gallery/HEQYi).

Misty instantly fell in love with the kids, and that love was returned by them. She was under no obligation to give a shit about my kids, but, in 2006, we got married, and she stepped into that role willingly and wholeheartedly. Fast forward to now, and we have a son, aged six, together. He's treated the same as his "bubba and sissy" and, in this home, the terms "stepmom" and "half brother" hold no meaning.

I can't imagine how rough it would've been without her and, if we're being honest, I probably wouldn't have made it.

I guess what I'm trying to say is that you don't have to be a mother to be a mom if you're a mom to someone else's kid(s), you deserve just as much love for it.

I just want to express what I feel right now.
I don't have anyone to talk to about my problem. I can't even share this to my family or friends so I decided to post it online. I am really depress right now because I heard my Mom calling me stupid she didn't know that I am still awake when I heard her
talking with my Dad on the phone. I thought she understands me and what hurts the most is I expected her to support and cheer me up but still she is the first one who let me down, it really breaks my heart. To think that she called me stupid because I am not smart as my younger sister. Being called stupid or not smart from other people is okay it doesn't hurt me but when it comes from someone you really love and respect the impact was really big especially for my self esteem and confidence. I can't stop crying everytime I remember it. It really hurts.


My son will be 1 year old when we have to take him to a wedding. It will be out of town, outside, and my husband is in the wedding, so we'll be expected to stay late. 

How do make the night enjoyable for all of us? Where do we put him when he clocks out for the night? Do I just have to take the bullet and give up the evening when my son does? (That would especially suck considering the bride and groom are my friends too.)

Any advice would be appreciated. 
Do you have a friend or family member that can tag along for the evening and help be a babysitter so you can enjoy your evening as well?  Or is there an older child of a friend of the bride/groom you could pay to accompany you to help watch your child?  Do you have to bring your child?  Is there a friend or family member you can leave your child with? 
We have the exact same situation. And I'm dreading it. It's in another state and I wouldn't trust anyone I don't really know watching her so I'm sure we are screwed. Wedding starts at 630pm and she is usually in bed by 645. I guess I will have to take one for the team and go home super early while hubby gets to enjoy the fun night out. 
If they are your friends then they should understand the constraints of having a small child. Your husband can easily take part in the ceremony and part of the reception and leave with you and your child. 

IMO if your friends cannot understand this then they are not freinds you need in your life. 

If the baby needs to sleep he needs to sleep. Even if you found somewhere to put him in an unfamiliar space without any security, would you be able to have a good time? 
Is there someone you would be willing to watch him from home that you could pay to come and stay with him at the hotel after being put to bed? Would be fun for a young teenager to take a road trip!
We may have a family member there but most likely not. We live in a different state, so leaving him isn't an option either.
Sorry to hear you're in the same boat!
They definitely understand. It's not that he's not welcome. They can't wait to see him in fact. It's more that both my husband and I would like to enjoy the evening, but we have to care for our son too. 
Yeah being parents comes with restrictions to your freedoms...

Someone already said it, have back up with a family member or with a baby sitter buy it seems that those options are not possible.

You have fun during the day and when it's time for kiddo to sleep say your good byes and go. 
That's what I figured. Oh well. 
Mothers, tell us about your impressions during your baby’s first year and your experiences as a mom!
Mothers of babies between the ages of 3 months and 12 months are invited to participate in this online study being conducted as part of my Master's thesis at Mills College. Participants will be entered to win one of two $25 Amazon gift cards!
The study can be found at https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/babybluesstudy2016 or you can contact the researcher at babybluesstudy@gmail.com for more information.
The study takes about 40 minutes to complete. All survey responses are confidential and anonymous, and your time and participation are greatly appreciated!

do what? shove dicks in their asses? 
http://angieshareslife.blogspot.com/2016/11/living-alone-and-away-from-home-how-to.html




I m 18 year old Indian Muslim boy.Today I was watching porn in my room.suddenly my mom enter room and found me watching porn.She is asking me r u watching porn.What should I answer?
Fuck. Rekt, lad. You could try saying it was an advertisement/pop-up, if she is unaware on technology this would probably work. 
Set up some boundaries where she knocks and waits before entering and explain that you don't talk to her about anything that's really private that you want to share. 

There are worse fuck ups, it's going to be okay



Give mom a hug and a kiss if you can...
Yay

My daughter was at my parents' house when she was 3, and she asked for a piece of cheese (the icky kind wrapped in plastic). My stepmom unwrapped the cheese, folded it in fourths, and handed her the stack of cheese. My daughter *threw* herself on the floor and sobbed, "Ma, you broke my cheese!" Inconsolable.
We're such terrible ppl lol

I had a small freak out that I completely missed Mother's Day which would have resulted in my mother hating me for a very long time.  Turns out that it is on a different day than the U.S.  Any idea why?

Breastfeeding IS SO hard!  Was not expecting.  Like, I expected it to be hard, but not as hard as it was.  I was lactating, believe it or not, before I even got pregnant.  Not sure why, but I lactated throughout my whole pregnancy, which led me to believe that I would be a natural at it and it would be effortless.  It was not.

She was premature and though she latched right away the nurses insisted we give her formula to supplement.  No one told me that somehow this would DESTROY my milk supply.  Because we were giving her 50% formula from the get go I only ever made 50% milk.  I tried everything.  I pumped around the clock, even getting up several times a night just to pump!  Eventually I even went on Reglan which gave me crippling intestinal pain and even caused me to shit myself at least once...  It was unbareable.  Finally around the end of her 3rd month I just gave up...

I know now where I went wrong.  I let them give her formula and I just shouldn't've.  I should've just strapped her to my boob and kept her there.  I should've slept with her on the boob and pumped every time she broke away.  I shouldn't've waivered for one second because that's all it takes to permanent destroy a good milk supply.

Risky klick of the day
So what is it?
something i saw on aladdin I think
Your ad reminded me of this.  Why :(
Same thing happened to me. 

I miss my mom a whole lot. Though in retrospect I'm glad her suffering is over. She was sick for a hell of a long time. In fact I don't remember her being not-sick, and that realization when she finally did die hit me like a ton of bricks. How much of my life has been haunted by a specter of illness and death? Did I really bottle it up for two whole decades? Looking back, yeah, I did. She spent 20 years wasting away and I tried not to look. And I hid from that and I hid from everybody. My entire childhood was spent not understanding what was happening.

It's an odd emotion to put into words. You never get over a parent dying. Especially when you're still pretty young. I wish I could offer condolences, but personally that never helped me. I kind of hate the two dollar words. Those people don't know what I went through. Everyone feels the pain of loss in their own uniquely terrible way. 

But remember this: you're not alone in that. Sooner or later everyone feels it. Death is the kind of thing that haunts human existence. It's everywhere. And we run from it, and we hide, and we pretend the people we love will be around forever, but sooner or later we realize they won't be. 

It's okay to be sad, though. That's something I think a lot of people don't get. That it is okay to not be happy all the time. To miss people and to wish for something else. So much of our culture revolves around telling us that we need to be happy and spotless, that we need to be constantly joyful. But it isn't how people are. 

We lose people and it's sad. And there's nothing anybody can say that makes the pain of it any lesser, that puts it into any real perspective. But maybe it isn't so bad. I'm glad I miss my mother. I'm glad I have that capacity, the capacity to feel something for other people. To walk into a room and still feel like she might be in there...if I didn't have memories, if I didn't have my sadness, I wouldn't be alive. Because all of the loss I've experienced in my life makes me me. It takes the arrogance and anger, the false pride, and levels it. It drives me back into the ground and reminds me of how fleeting it all is, how lonely and full of sadness the world can be. And I've never loved other people more than in that moment. Every beggar looks like a king. I want to give strangers a great big hug and tell them life is wonderful and they should be in love with it, with all of its wonder and sadness and joy all wrapped into one. People are beautiful. That we can feel sad when one of us is gone, that we can care about something other then ourselves, is proof we are worth something, and that our lives are worth something. 

I'm very happy that I can still be sad about something that happened almost 3 years ago. I'm glad for the memory of walking out of her hospice room that last time. Of scattering her ashes. Every single moment of pain that arose from it. Every recollection of every word she ever said to me. 

I don't hide from things anymore.


but hey! at least you get to be around other people whose moms are dead, you know? brought us together. Now we all get a chance to bring up our moms and enojoy the bittersweetness of it. 
My mom died this month.
really very sorry :| that wasn't the intention at all
I don't think the ad was meant to remind anyone of such things, as you know. However, I'm genuinely sorry that you had to resurface painful feelings.

OTOH, you remembered her today (yesterday). Not that you've forgotten, but try to see the positive side.
:(  it's tough.  Lost my Mom last year.  It's not fair.



Anticipating for your new baby’s arrival will surely fill you with a lot of excitement however, if you are expecting for the first time, you will have some immediate challenges that may come as a surprise. The fact is that babies don’t come with any instruction manuals. Taking care of a newborn can be quite a daunting experience but it is also true that you will learn with each passing day and this learning can actually make you feel great.

New mothers are often told that a new baby will have nothing to do other than sleep, feed, poop and cry. That may sound simple but as the initial couple of days go by, you will realize this simple everyday regime of your newborn will be too overwhelming for you to handle. Hence, it is always good to be prepared and know what to expect. When you what to expect, you will be in a better position to handle your newborn as well as get back to your daily routine pretty easily.

What to expect with your newborn?

The first thing that you should always bear in mind is that every baby is different. While some babies may be extremely adaptable to the outside world, some may take a while to get adjusted to their lives outside the womb. You will start understanding your baby soon enough but until then this survival guide on what you can expect with your newborn will help you during the initial few days as a new mother.

Read more

http://happyandpretty.com/new-mothers-survival-guide-what-to-expect/



My friend just delivered her third baby and tomorrow I'm going to visit them at the hospital. I'd like to bring her something that's not flowers and a card. The baby girl has two not much older siblings, so they have everything they need for the new baby, except maybe an endless amount of diapers, so I was wondering what my friend could really appreciate after her vagina has been ripped apart two days ago and not being able to drink Prosecco due to breast feeding?

She's not the massage/sauna kind of person, so maybe a wellness voucher is out of place. Chocolate makes it harder to get back into shape, I was thinking a magazine, but I guess with now 3 children under 5 she won't have much time to read.

Any ideas?
U know what...even better...prepared meals...something she can just freeze or stick in the oven for 30mins and its done...like a pasta al forno or veal parm. So helpful!
How about a nice new pair of maternity underwear? Its so tough to buy for a mom of multiple children.
Lol what is this r/calabresemoms?

fuck rules i like it






Ftm, cosleeper, baby is 11m.

Quick side note to start: Take this with a grain of salt. I can't sleep at 12:30 with being told I sleep too much. (You try staying awake after a busy day, now wrapped around your bundle of sleeping, concentrated love)

Firstly, is it normal to have DD twitchy trying to find a comfy position at various times during the night? 

Background to explain dad: DD collapsed at birth with two weeks in the nicu, no other problems since. 

The message I have been getting from her is she is ready to move to her crib and consistently sleep thru the night. The that she wakes to comfort feed (because she can) means dad says she's not ready yet, and he says he's scared of what might happen if we're not right directly next to her. He also jumps and gets after me for letting her cry for any amount of time at night, just give her the bottle. I've been working him over for 5 months now to help him with the ptsd he developed from the nicu experience and now with this happening and my "we're doing this whether you like it or not" date coming to move her to the crib (her bday), he's now taking the of "I'm in no rush." 

Frustrated to the least. The next step afterwards I'll deal with as it comes, which is moving the crib to her room instead of ours at about 18 months. 
I created an acct just to answer you. I am a ftm as well and have co slept with my little for going on 18 months now. It's totally normal for them to wiggle around a bunch until they get comfy. It's really only go in to get worse as they get bigger. My daughter takes up all the space and kicks me around at night. That said, I don't mind co-sleeping. My daughter nurses throughout the night still and it is a comfort to her. If you think it's time to put your little one in their own bed then do it and stick with it. It's worse if you flip flop and put her in a crib for one night and then take her back out. Consistency is key (so I've heard). Hopefully your husband finds a more productive way to handle his anxiety about your daughter. It's not going to do her any favors to coddle her forever. Pretty soon she's going to test boundaries and get bumps and scrapes and he needs to be strong enough to handle that. Best of luck! Xx


I had mine encapsulated in pill form and it definitely helped my milk supply!
I haven't done it. My friend did. She said it helped her with PPD and her milk supply 
ETA: she had hers encapsulated 
My mom cut off pieces of my placenta and put it in smoothies i only had about 8 or 10 of them but the first 2 or 3 months were amazing hormonally. 
thank you good to hear it actually worked for someone!
sounds like a win win to me, as long as you can get over the nastiness of it!

now ask him to list all the country not in that order and not with the song. he cannot, learning a giggle you repeat as fast as you can to the point where you can even catch a breath doesn't help him learn anything but repeat 
I'm 14 and I recently told my mom that I was depressed. She got scared, worried and we went to a psychologist. The woman, in one session discovered(what I already knew) that I was like this because of my mom's overprotection. I knew that a long time ago but I didn't said anything because I felt guilty( I have a great life and it shouldn't be like this)   and because I knew SHE would feel guilty.  Long story short, I know she didn't do it intentionaly and I don't blame her, but she told me she will feel guilty and horrible because of this for the rest of her life. How do I show her this should be in the past and we should move on? I love her more than anything and I don't want her to feel like this. I know moms always blame themselves ( and mine is kind of dramatic too so) but it shouldnt be like this. Thank you for the answerse.
Be up front and honest without being confrontational. The truth sucks and she will be hurt, but unless you guys hash out what happened it will only be a wound that doesn't heal quite right.

Perhaps now that you have gone to a counsellor you can ask her to engage with you together in sessions and work through it at the same time? She may need to talk to someone individually herself and this would be a good way to start doing that so she can work on not being as overprotective. 


My goddaughter and her mother live with me and my husband. Her mother is an EMT and works 48 and 72 hour shifts during which I am my god daughter's legal guardian. 

For the sake of time we'll just call my goddaughter "K" and her mom "E". 

So up until recently K has been really well behaved. Like, exceptionally well behaved. I work in a daycare and I know what a "bad kid" looks like and K wasn't even close. I would have LOVED TO have a child like her in my class. But this past January a lot of things changed for both K and E when E had to leave her fiance and move in with me for the first time. Things were really Topsy turvy for all of us for a while and K started acting out a little. But a couple of months ago we all found a house that was big enough for all of us and now we all live together in a comfortable space. 

We thought that K's behavior would correct itself once she had a more stable environment but even though she now has a stable and healthy home life and is in a much better school than she was before her behavior is getting worse. She's suddenly decided that she doesn't want to eat what is cooked for her, she wants to throw hissy fits when asked to do almost anything, if we ask her to play in her room for any amount of time you'd think we were sending her to jail, and last night she even told E that she didn't think that we should be allowed to have fun if she wasn't involved. 

We do so much for this child, and she is the center of our worlds in so many ways, but she now acts like she's entitled to be the center of the universe. 

E has always been so patient with K but here lately even she's losing her patience. We've tried taking away her toys, taking away her books (which is her big thing right now), grounding her, taking away her tv and video game privileges (she's only allowed 30 minutes per day anyway and only IF there's time). E isn't a fan of spanking because she said it's never really worked in the past. But I have no idea what else to do. Her daycare teacher actually told me today that she isn't even behaving at daycare anymore. 

She still behaves well in school but it seems like she is a completely different child outside of school. 

Any mom's out there have any advice? I'm at my wits end. 
How old?  Sounds like normal angsty kid behaviour. Major life changes take a long time for kids to adjust to.

This is a great read and it's totally true I used to go the school and work full time and that's much easier than being a stahm with 2 under 2. But I wouldn't trade it for the world. 

i want to have sex with a robot, next article down. 







Hello! My name is Joy and I’m working on a new app.  I’d love to get some insights from millennial moms! :) To give you some background on the app- it is designed to make gift giving easier, by setting reminders and streamlining the shopping experience. The questionnaire should take no more than 10 minutes. There are no right or wrong answer, I’m purely looking to hear about your feelings and thoughts. Here’s the link- https://goo.gl/forms/dhTbr2VFq2GXhwVs1  Thank you! :) 
Hello moms.

I'm wondering if there's any tree that specifically symbolizes motherhood through any certain religions, spirituality or whatnot.

My mom passed away on the 27th of July after a short battle with cancer. While we're happy she won't be in pain any longer, of course we miss her dearly.

Her wishes were to be cremated and buried with our father, but my brother and I kept some ashes as a keepsake. I've been wondering what to do with them, as the ashes were given to us in a PILL BOTTLE.

So what I'm thinking of doing is planting a tree in our backyard and spreading her ashes in the soil. I know there are specific urns and planters you can buy for such a thing, but I'd like for it to be a little more symbolic. I want to plant a tree that has symbolism or history connected to motherhood and that sort of thing.

Any ideas?

Thanks moms!
Many Native American tribes do use trees as more of a foundation for mother figures like a Mother Earth and tree of life





So I work on a concept about lost voicemails that were never sent, and for Mother's Day, we are asking people to send in messages for their mom to 'leave her a message' if they don't have the opportunity too.

If you're interested, call our voicemail at 613-714-5268, or shoot us an email at leaveamessage.pod@gmail.com

If you want to find out more about our show, check out [our website](http://onenewmessage.com)


after watching my wife experience be pregnant for 9 months and child birth I love, appreciate, and respect my mom so much more.

have you been through something that has made you love your mom even more??
bought me 2 packs of sprite when i only asked for a can
Many things! but nothing more than since after I became a mom myself! I realised, I love my child more than anything else in the world, even my husband! (whom I love a lot). 

Looking to interview mothers on their experience as a mother in recovery from an eating disorder. 

Are you in recovery from and Eating Disorder (Anorexia, Bulimia, Binge Eating Disorder, Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified, etc…)? Do you have a history of disordered eating? And are you a mother of a child between the ages of 5-18? Would you like to earn a $25 Amazon gift card by sharing your story about your journey through motherhood in relation to your recovery?
•	Must have at least one child between the ages of 5-18
•	Must be at least 18 years of age
•	Must be in recovery from an eating disorder or not active in the past 3 months.
Participants will partake in video/audio recorded interview for approximately 1 ½ hours in person or through Skype. If you are interested in being interviewed about your experience please contact Heather Austin-Robillard. There will be a brief phone interview to determine eligibility. 

Heather.austin@ttu.edu


This is a terribly written article, and just lacking in substance. Seems the mom ran away fro  the father and isnt trying to help their hild have both parents in their life.
Moms are strong enough to take care of the child:) But it's not too easy if you ever gone through it. It's not written anywhere in this article that Mom's should run for fathers. Human is a social animal and we all agree on it. If a Mom, will enjoy with friends or family, I don't think there's a harm in it or if child will develop emotional attachment with grandparents or family friends, so there's no harm. Father is not only person in this world who can give happiness to the child. A person can find peace anywhere from where the individual feel comfortable. But if Mom, don't give time to child, then most of the time child started to find love outside the motherhood and It's True.
You should stick to your native language and demograhpic.
> d stick to your native language and 

What does it mean? Would like to share my thoughts on the web is my personal interest. If you don't like my article, atleast you can give suggestions, what is missing, if the article lack in substance. 


Dear Mom,

Why did I have to grow up so that you didnt have to?

You loved my youth. You got toys, you played games with me, you took me to all sorts of fun stuff.

You spent every last red cent we had on things of a childish nature that we could do together.

I was hungry, and Stouffers for the 33rd time in a row really made my stomach hurt. But we did fun things. Well, *we* were at fun things, but *I* rarely had the energy for it. Id find a corner to hide in. Your big lunches from fast food places after your part time job made you the life of the event though.

But then I started to grow up.

I tried to make you still like me, but you didnt. You seemed resentful that I took away your 'little guy'. Whoever this was, they didn't really like Disney anymore. They insisted on better food. They would rather save some money for a really nice dinner than splurge on a movie and a trip to the toy store.

Then you decided to leave dad and move us across the country.

I had to be the man.

I started managing the financing and making the parental calls for my sister. You stopped spending so much money on toys, and instead started spending it on Absolut.

Over the years, the closest I could get to knowing I was doing what you actually wanted was to do whatever made you ridicule me least.

I moved out, but I still wanted to try to make up for taking your little boy away. I still wanted to figure out how I could be an adult AND have you like me. Then you drugged me. You gave me a glass of orange juice, then I was woozie, then I was waking up the next morning on your couch.

I know you just wanted me to sleep under your roof again, but it felt like a severe escalation. I felt unsafe around you.

So today, I ask, why in the hell would you expect your 12 year old boy to manage your finances and feed your daughter while you chugged vodka and sat on the floor playing with Disney toys?

How is it that I'm here, an adult with adult responsibilities, and you are still in your new husband's house, drunk, playing with Disney toys on the floor?

I never asked for this. Thanks for punishing me for your decision to have me.
sounds like she has some emotional and mental problems. Who drugs their own child? Yikes. 
pretty gay
Lol

this is a great website you've got! Best of luck
How kind of you! Thank you so much for your support.
just looking for people i can feel and understand the struggle of growing up without an awesome woman in your life. You've never had one? well maybe this is why. Talk to me people whats the worst thing you did that you regret... silly or otherwise. its your mom!
I'm about 6 weeks out until I give birth and am looking for advice on Bengkung wrapping vs post partum girdle. I have a long torso so I need something that will cover and tighten from hips to the bottom of my bra. Also, I've read some women only wear them at night while others only during the day. Any one have any experience?
As a teenage male, my personal opinion is to wear both at all times. In order to achieve my dream body, it was necessary to wear both under my clothes. I'm not kidding--literally at all times. When I had the swim unit at school, I went into the pool wearing both. Sure, it was a bit embarrassing at first, but after wearing nothing but a Bengkung wrap and a post partum girdle in the pool, I got used to it. An added bonus is that, while wearing both, your body temperature tends to rise a substantial amount. I was able to swim on the coldest days of winter, when the majority of my class sat on the bleachers, watching in envy as I swam my laps in absolute comfort.

TL;DR: Wear both at all times.
hay guys,

i'll be straight to the point, i wanna get my mother a gift that can be considered a lifetime gift... i need it to last at least the next 10 years or so :). so NO bags, perfumes, cute clothes, teddy bears, flowers....etc.
i really hope to find help here as I've being thinking this through for a while now :/
I dont know if you consider jewelry a lifetime gift but a charm bracelet is a great present. Every year you can get her a new charm for it. They can relate to something that happened that year (a vacation she took, personal successes, ect) or just things she likes. Or you can pair the charm every year with something you can do together. Such as take a painting class together then get a little paintbrush charm for it. I can almost guarantee she will love it and every time she looks at it she will be reminded of you. Pandora has some really classy ones for a decent price. I recommend the rope ones :) 
Oh wow I just noticed this is 3 months old! Haha sorry on mobile 


Please help me to honor my Mom and the person she is by voting for her in this 'Mother's Day' Giveaway. To give you an example of the person she is, she has been voting for the other Moms in the contest, because she feels they deserve it more. 
 
https://www.facebook.com/CongressionalPlaza?sk=app_451684954848385&brandloc=DISABLE&app_data=chk-5373904e14fa6%2Cview-vote%2Cfor-2640905

You first need to be on Facebook, then go to the page 'Congressional Plaza, and like their page for like a day or two." Then find my Mom's photo (beautiful lady with sunglasses with white and black top in front of the lake) and click the button 'vote.' tHANK YOU!!

I need to read more hilarious stories involving people's mothers. I feel like I'm missing out, I've got nothing. 



I am so sorry to hear your kids are bullied.  I too was bullied in middle school and there really isn't a good approach as a parent to end it.   The school system will not bend over backwards to ensure your children will not be the victims of bulling.  And as a parent you can't be there the entire day to ensure it doesn't happen. The solution must come from your kids.  It might not be the answer you are looking for but they must learn to ignore and overcome.  Bullies look for reactions and weakness.   Don't let them get what they want.   I am so sorry this is happening.   



I'm looking for some advice from moms. I have a mom, a pretty good one, but she and I don't see eye to eye on a lot of things. We usually have to work really hard to understand each other on just the basics, so even the thought of talking about the big stuff becomes daunting.

I don't know what I'm doing with my life. I feel like I should be content. I have an apartment with an amazing boyfriend, I have a job (I don't like it much, and it doesn't pay well, but it's something), and I have a family, even if we don't get each other. 

I keep hearing people say that it's okay to not know where you're going or what you're doing, especially when you're young. But I feel like I want everything and nothing at the same time. I feel lost. This saddens me because it affects my relationship with my boyfriend, and because I hate feeling like I don't know where I'm going. I have hobbies that keep me going and engaged in social life, but I feel so tired, so burnt out. Every time I think about getting another job that I like better and pays more, I get lost in my head wondering what I could possibly do. When I think about going back to school to at least feel useful, I feel like I don't have motivation because I'm just so exhausted. But I also feel like I don't have a right to be exhausted because I'm still doing less than I was when I was in school before.

I used to have dreams, big ones. These were honestly my primary motivation. Maybe I still have them, but they seem to have started a game of hide-and-seek without telling me. I feel more purposeless than I have since I was 18 and just graduated high school. And I don't know where to start with finding my old passions or at least discovering new ones.

I also feel conflicted because I am really starting to feel like I want to start a family of my own. But I have nothing figured out, I make very little, and my boyfriend and I aren't quite there yet. I don't really want to be married right now, so it makes even less sense that I want to start having kids. I think it's just my uterus talking, and if I ignore it long enough, it might just stop. But this desire is very confusing, on top of everything else. 

I don't really know if I'm asking for specific advice on any or all of these topics. I just feel very lost and I don't know what the next step is. Any thoughts or encouragement are welcome. Thanks, moms.

TL;DR: I don't know what I'm doing with my life, and I need some encouragement.


8 simple rules mother's day,
a mother's day,
a mother's day card,
a mother's day out,
a mother's day poem,
a mother's day presentation,
a mother's day presentation full movie,
a mother's day salute,
a mother's day song,
a mother's day to remember,
a mother's day video,
baby teeth 4 mothers day,
bar b q mother's day,
despicable me 2 mother's day,
despicable me 2 mother's day speech,
kate plus 8 mother's day,
mother's day 123movies,
mother's day 1948,
mother's day 1950,
mother's day 1973,
mother's day 1977,
mother's day 1980,
mother's day 1981,
mother's day 1985,
mother's day 1987,
mother's day 2,
mother's day 2010,
mother's day 2010 trailer,
mother's day 2011,
mother's day 2013,
mother's day 2014,
mother's day 2015,
mother's day 2016 full movie,
mother's day 5 minute crafts,
mother's day 5sf,
mother's day 70's soul jam,
mother's day 8 march,
mother's day 80's horror,
mother's day acrylic painting,
mother's day ad,
mother's day alphabet song,
mother's day animation,
mother's day arabic song,
mother's day at church,
mother's day blink,
mother's day bloopers,
mother's day books,
mother's day books for kids,
mother's day breakfast,
mother's day brunch ideas,
mother's day dance,
mother's day dinner,
mother's day drama,
mother's day easy gifts,
mother's day ellen,
mother's day ellen show,
mother's day episode,
mother's day event,
mother's day exploding box,
mother's day floral arrangements,
mother's day food,
mother's day food ideas,
mother's day for kids,
mother's day full movie,
mother's day games,
mother's day gift baskets,
mother's day gift guide,
mother's day gift ideas,
mother's day gospel songs,
mother's day hymn,
mother's day ideas diy,
mother's day interview,
mother's day jennifer aniston,
mother's day john roberts,
mother's day kid interview,
mother's day kiss,
mother's day lds,
mother's day life hacks,
mother's day life hacks for kids,
mother's day lonely island,
mother's day lush,
mother's day lyrics,
mother's day massacre,
mother's day miracle,
mother's day movie,
mother's day nail art,
mother's day nepal,
mother's day new movie,
mother's day no hitter,
mother's day on the real,
mother's day on the spot,
mother's day origin,
mother's day out,
mother's day picture,
mother's day play,
mother's day praise dance,
mother's day program,
mother's day queen,
mother's day questions,
mother's day quilling,
mother's day quilt,
mother's day quotation,
mother's day r&b songs,
mother's day rainbow loom,
mother's day rap,
mother's day recipes,
mother's day review,
mother's day roar,
mother's day rose,
mother's day skit,
mother's day snl,
mother's day tablescapes,
mother's day tea,
mother's day the movie,
mother's day towel cake,
mother's day trailer,
mother's day tribute,
mother's day tvc,
mother's day uae,
mother's day uae 2016,
mother's day urdu,
mother's day usa,
mother's day uswnt,
mother's day was his only explain,
mother's day weekend,
mother's day worship,
mother's day worship dance,
mother's day yoga,
mother's day yoga class,
mother's day you are my sunshine,
mother's day youth drama,
mother's day youth performance,
mother's day youth skit,
mother's day youtube,
mother's day youtube full movie,
mother's day youtube funny,
mother's day youtube trailer,
mothers day,
mothers day 1955,
mothers day 2012,
mothers day 2017,
mothers day 3d card,
mothers day animated pictures,
mothers day arrangements,
mothers day art,
mothers day art for kids,
mothers day baking,
mothers day balloon ideas,
mothers day baskets,
mothers day box,
mothers day cake,
mothers day cake ideas,
mothers day cards,
mothers day cards for whatsapp,
mothers day cards ideas,
mothers day christian songs,
mothers day cookies,
mothers day crafts,
mothers day crafts for kids,
mothers day cupcakes,
mothers day date,
mothers day date 2017,
mothers day decorations,
mothers day decorations ideas,
mothers day diy,
mothers day diy card,
mothers day diy gifts,
mothers day drawings,
mothers day ed sheeran,
mothers day elevation,
mothers day elevation church,
mothers day explosion box,
mothers day flowers,
mothers day funny,
mothers day funny scenes,
mothers day funny song,
mothers day funny video,
mothers day gifts,
mothers day gifts 2017,
mothers day gifts diy,
mothers day gifts to make,
mothers day greetings in telugu,
mothers day hacks,
mothers day hairstyles,
mothers day handmade cards,
mothers day hillsong,
mothers day hindi songs,
mothers day hip hop,
mothers day history,
mothers day hmong song,
mothers day hula,
mothers day ideas,
mothers day ideas 2017,
mothers day ideas for church,
mothers day ideas for kids,
mothers day images for daughters,
mothers day inspirational video,
mothers day instrumental,
mothers day instrumental music,
mothers day jam,
mothers day jewelry,
mothers day jewelry commercial,
mothers day job interview,
mothers day joke,
mothers day jokes dirty,
mothers day journal,
mothers day justin timberlake,
mothers day kids,
mothers day kids church,
mothers day kids dance,
mothers day kids performance,
mothers day kids song,
mothers day kids video,
mothers day kindergarten,
mothers day kindergarten song,
mothers day liturgical dance,
mothers day loop,
mothers day lunch,
mothers day lunch ideas,
mothers day makeup,
mothers day meme funny,
mothers day message,
mothers day message from son,
mothers day mime,
mothers day movies 2016 full movie,
mothers day music,
mothers day nails,
mothers day necklace,
mothers day neha kakkar,
mothers day nepali,
mothers day nerdy nummies,
mothers day nigahiga,
mothers day off,
mothers day ootd,
mothers day opener,
mothers day opening song,
mothers day outfits,
mothers day outtakes,
mothers day picture quotes,
mothers day poems for kids,
mothers day prank,
mothers day preschool songs,
mothers day presents,
mothers day pusheen,
mothers day quote for sister,
mothers day quotes,
mothers day quotes in hindi,
mothers day quotes in nepali,
mothers day quotes that make you cry,
mothers day remix,
mothers day rock,
mothers day rule,
mothers day rule 1 hour,
mothers day sayings with flowers,
mothers day skits for church,
mothers day songs,
mothers day songs christian,
mothers day songs for children,
mothers day songs for kids,
mothers day songs in spanish,
mothers day songs with lyrics,
mothers day target,
mothers day telugu songs,
mothers day text cards,
mothers day uk,
mothers day uk 2016 film,
mothers day uk 2017,
mothers day uk trailer,
mothers day video,
mothers day video bangla,
mothers day video bangladesh,
mothers day video church,
mothers day video for kindergarten,
mothers day video funny,
mothers day video interview,
mothers day video mighty,
mothers day vine,
mothers day vlog,
mothers day whatsapp,
mothers day whatsapp images,
mothers day who does your mom love more,
mothers day wild kratts,
mothers day wishes,
mothers day wreath ideas,
mothers day youtube,
mothers day za,
mothers day zumba,
mr t mother's day,
p&g mother's day,
p&g mother's day commercial,
uk mothers day,
v mother's day,
v mother's day full episode,
zee telugu mothers day special program
ahahhhahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahhaahahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahø


hahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahHAHAHAhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAhHaHahahahhahHHAHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHHAhahHHAahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahahhahHAHAHAHAhahahahaHAHAHAhahhHAHahAHAHhahHAhahHHAhahAHAHhAHaHahahah







Wow nice post.


Your blog is interesting.



ok so my grade in classes were like all 90s and now 2 of them are 80s and she is always yelling at me about stuff and it stresses me out and gives me anxiety and makes me very mad. shes been taking over my life recently. She kicked me out of the house for almost 6 hours last week for my grade dropping 6% and yesterday she took away my phone and made me go to sleep at 9 (im 17 years old...) She doesn't have a job so all she does is drive us places and make food, which im very grateful for, but she said if i only want to do things i like (going to gym, relaxing) then she shouldnt do simple things like drive me places or make me lunch (which shes done the past 5 months) she is controlling me and my life as if its hers. im my opinion if i get bad grades, she shouldnt care as much as she does because it is my life and my future, but she treats it like its hers
She's allowed to control your life in this way; she is your mom. Your life really isn't your own until you are 18. It sucks, I know! It won't last forever; it is temporary. 

You are the kiddo here, so you really are in no position to judge your mom's life or what she does or does not do. Best way to deal with her is to not defy her or contest what she's trying to do. It won't help you at all and you will be 18 soon enough and out of the house (hopefully). 

Why have your grades dropped recently? 
She cares because she loves you and wants you to do well so you can have a good future. I think it's important that you let her know that your mental health is as important, if not more, than your grades. Especially seeing as they aren't even that low. Mom's can get wrapped up in expectations and we need to be reminded of the big picture sometimes. She doesn't want to harm your relationship I'm sure so just have try and have a calm conversation where you let her know that you are trying your best and want her to be happy and proud but that you have to be healthy and happy too. 
My darling son is 15 months and I am heading back to work from maternity leave. I am setting monthly and weekly goals for myself but I am worried about carving out time to work and achieve my goals. 

So  Mamas how do you find time achieve you goals? 
1. Set a time table and prioritize things.
2.Try to work from home. This will reduce ur travel time .
3. Take help from ur mamma's or in-laws to take care of ur little one.
4. Keep your baby engaged all the time with new and creative activities.
5. Share your household work with ur husband. 
6. Organise things so that u don't hv to search for things when required. A you have a 15 month old baby, keep important things out of reach  from ur little one. 

Hope these tips help u manage work and personal life better
Thank you. These tips are really helpful. It seems like I should be able to figure it out on my own but have been struggling to get my side projects completed. 

I have had a difficult time accepting help but I really want to meet my goals so, I am going to focus on being open for help. I am going to take it and organize my house better. <--That is one of my major faults. 
🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿


Keep your ears open for Appu, the Yogic Elephant!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDO0OJLH00I&feature=youtu.be






I'm at an internet cafe posting this, to show you all that i live in worse conditions than all of you.
So glad to here from you 



[How To Be a Happier Mom](https://momsgetwealthy.com/how-to-be-a-happier-mom)
I'm so sick of unhappy people when they get home....can't even run away from it... or have a beer
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5860 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/84241)
It gets old quick...


My mother( or anyone really, but that's besides the point) never believes me when I tell her problems. Like a few years ago when I was being bullied she downplayed it and said I was just being teased. Or when I told her that I might have insomnia she just told me to put my phone away, no matter how many times I tell her that the phone is irrelevant to my situation( I have a sleep-screen app). I don't know what to do. She almost never believes me when something bad but new happens and refuses to listen to me.
They do believe you, but try to comfort you. They'll know and even discuss the issue with their spouse (at least this is what happens in our house)... we try to encourage the children in every situation and try to give 'solutions'

guess thats not always right





Join us for a cocktail to discuss topics only moms can relate to!!! We try to see the funny side of life and do not take ourselves seriously! Finally a YouTube channel for moms to enjoy!

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHYiUqwjIcbRqri0ExgvNBA


I'm a first time mom and new to reddit










Tired. Hbu guys?

hahaha :)
thanks


I'm wondering if any other moms out there feel as if they are drowning and needing help. I have two girls an 11 yr old and a 20 month old and sometimes I feel like I just don't have it in me to handle it. My 20 month old currently has strep so she is just wanting to scream and get into everything and my 11 year old is more and more socially awkward. I don't know how to help or what to do. My husband tries to help but I feel bad even telling him how lost I feel. If anyone has any help I would appreciate it. 
I'm sorry this is so stressful for you. Unfortunately, at 20 months all children get into everything. Try taking (when not sick) out to the park or an indoor play place. Maybe have some play dates with other kids her age. As for the 11 yr old, my best suggestion is to make sure she knows that you're there for her, and that she can come to you about anything.
It sounds like you have your hands full between both girls. I know how taking care of a sick 20 month old can be exhausting. The thing to know is that you have nothing to feel bad about. Honestly, this is something all moms feel at some point. I can't offer much advice beyond keeping your chin up. Strep will heal and awkwardness is a phase. Maybe dad can give you an off day for some much needed r&r.
as a rambunctious son I know what we are putting you through. Try not vaccinating your kids. Studies have show that this often causes TADHD (temporary attention deficit hyperactivity disorder). Often this causes the child to go over board with their craziness. Personally I can attest to the incorrect use of vaccines as it not only gave me TADHD but an extreme addiction to gambling. My live was thrown down the pipes. And guess who saved me. My mom. 
I recently had a baby (he's now 6 weeks old) and have been shocked by the ways in which my life has both changed and remained the same. I've found that becoming a mother is the most natural thing in the world for me - in fact, I feel like I should have been a mother years and years ago. 

For all the other mothers out there, what is motherhood to you? When did you realize you were actually a mom? What does it mean to you? How has it changed the way you view growing older, and your own mortality? What is the hardest thing about being a mom? What is the sweetest? 

I want to hear from other moms out there what the experience of motherhood is for you, in your own words. 
Motherhood to me is abortion.
If any of you are like me I adore my boyfriend's mother and long to have a way to thank her for everything. So I wrote this open ended letter so any girl can use it if they please to either @ them on social media or just send the link. It's basically giving the words to how we all feel.

 http://theodysseyonline.com/wku/an-open-letter-toboyfriends-mom 
What is this subreddit about? Who is paying for these ads?
please report any such link. We are also looking for other mods. The ads are being run for free
...theres porn?
Don't ads usually play based on browser history?
I'm interested. I will fill a mod application if you like.
Removed now, after like 3 years. I guess they never looked at the top posts
Google ads play based off your browsing habits, yeah, but subreddit ads are completely different. Apparently these are free ads and the moderators just aren't really ready yet or something. It's still real weird though.

There might be an issue - at 12/15, the Next button put me back at the beginning. I clicked through until I was again at 12/15 and then it advanced properly. I was able to complete it.
Thank you so much for your feedback!  I will look into the issue.  Someone else had a similar issue and I am trying to figure out what it is.  And, thanks for participating!


Alright so I just got a flight to see my mom (who I haven't been able to see in almost 2 years). She doesn't know I've already done this, so now I just need some help finding a creative way to tell her and surprise her.
So how did you surprise her?

(sorry, new here)

I'm so confused. I just don't want to add my mom to my facebook friend list. I just want some privacy. Suddenly she starts crying...
And says:




Did someone really name there kid khaki?
Let's hope it's a nickname.
Women and handbags seem to be inseparable. Ask a woman whether she loves bags or not and I bet you will never hear a ‘No’ for an answer.
Overheard my mother talking about this store and her bday is coming up.  Would you be happy with a gift from there? Impressions of the store?

It's really beautiful! :)

Moms!

SDA



yea. mommy does the gross stuff, daddy does the good stuff



Lol.  Reddit just gave me a YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG meme.  I'm pleasantly surprised.  I just hope folks click the link and watch the video.  Myyyy Moooom gave $10. 





How often does your mom get a call/text from you, whether it be for a full on conversation or just to say hi.
1-2 times a day.

Edit: Oh sorry, I thought it said how often does your mom call/text you.




sorry for ur loss =(
Thank you very much.


Hi moms! My name is Joanna, and I work at CastBox. We are an audio aggregation mobile app that includes podcasts, radio and audiobooks. We just launched a podcasting contest in our app and on our website. You can check out more details at http://castbox.fm/u/3090338. To participate, you just need to record a story about your most impressive Mother’s Day gift, whether it was a success or a gift gone wrong. Also tell us what you would buy for your mom if you had a $300 Amazon gift card and why. The winner with the most likes will receive a $300 Amazon gift card, and 2nd through 5th place winners will get $50! This is our first time doing such contest, so if there's anything you think that could be done better next time, let us know! We're always open for suggestions. Thank you so much guys!



I'm conducting some research and I'd love to hear your responses on the following:

- How often do you hear from your kids?
- How often would you like to hear from your kids?
- What kinds of things do you want to know about/be updated about? Some examples might be: relationships, goals, what the child is looking forward to, work




Medijot is an app Idea created by students from Como Secondary College. We would like your personal opinion to validate our idea. Pleas take just 5 minutes of your time to complete this survey.
http://c7.inqwise.com/c/1/dcdfcde5-cfc9-478b-8071-e8c534e95c2a/1
Why I Love Cutting The Grass at www.elizabethdoren.com. Could also be called why Showtunes and Lawnmowers are the solution to any parenting frustration.

So I'm doing some research on baby wraps/carriers. If there's any moms out there who would be willing to fill out my survey, I'd love it! Thx
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1T0Ima6V7yjb6V0c7MW7PcZF82K4JCX5gdBoCDd3Qu0s
At 19 weeks of pregnancy, Lina Palomares and her husband Juan Gonzalez learned that their baby boy Michael had a serious congenital heart defect called hypoplastic left heart syndrome. Based on that diagnosis, which was confirmed in the many scans that Lina had throughout her pregnancy, their son would undergo three surgeries in his first year of life. If all the surgeries were successful, Michael would have a good chance at a good quality of life.
There is no hospital in Austin, Texas, where Lina and Juan live, that could handle the three surgeries that Michael needed. So late in pregnancy, Lina and Juan (and Lina’s parents, Rosario and Miguel) moved into the Ronald McDonald House in Dallas to await Michael’s delivery.
Michael's due date of February 5, 2016 came and went. By Monday, February 8, her ob/gyn decided to induce Lina. After a very long night in labor, Lina delivered Michael Benjamin Gonzalez Palomares on February 9 at 7:26 AM. He weighed 7 pounds 13 ounces and was just shy of 21 inches, with a full head of hair!
After his joyful entry into the world, Michael was transferred to the neonatal cardiac ICU at Children’s Medical Center of Dallas. There, more tests were done and it was discovered that Michael’s right ventricle was also very damaged and could not withstand the three surgeries that he needed to save his life.
Lina and Juan’s main goal for Michael was that he not be subjected to any unnecessary pain and suffering and that he get to experience some time outside of the chaos, bright lights, and beeping monitors of a neonatal ICU. So, on February 19, 2016, Michael’s 10th day of life, he and his parents were transferred to Austin Hospice’s Christopher House, where they arrived at about 1 pm. At a little before 11:30 that night, Michael passed away as he slept in his parents’ arms.
Before that happened though, Michael got what his parents most wanted for him: to see the sky, breathe fresh air, be held by those who loved him, including people outside of his family (and who weren’t wearing scrubs), and, most of all, be a regular baby boy, not a patient in a hospital. His parents did their best to pack an entire childhood into a few days. They also got as many pictures and handprints and memories with their little guy as they could. They took advantage of every minute that they had with Michael, embracing the joy and love that he brought into their lives.
Juan and Lina have decided to bury their son in Los Angeles, where they and their families are from and where they plan to return someday.
We ask for your generosity and compassion to help ease the financial burden of medical bills and funeral expenses for Lina and Juan. Please show them your care by donating to the Baby Michael Gonzalez Palomares Memorial Fund.
https://www.youcaring.com/lina-palomares-juan-gonzalez-525757#.Vs0aFsEyLdI.twitter
ya nigas are fucking weird and this subreddit is shit, before you ban me atleast wait so some people and see it and maybe they can re-analyze their life
Agreed

I kill sorry for her husband
OK so I give my mom 100 every week 60 for groceries 20 for her and twenty to my sister for gas because I hitch a ride with her husband to go to work is she pocketing money off of me because I give her my card and she takes money off of the bank and she never shows me the receipt even if I ask for it

I am due any day now and thought a friend or family would throw a small baby shower knowing our situation. My husband works 40+ hours and it is not enough. We live paycheck to paycheck. And I am beyond stressed and really sad that my angel will come any day now and I only have 3 outfits for him. And every time I think we will have extra we don't. I never ask people for anything. But right now I am at a dead end. Time is flying and this baby is coming. If anyone who reads this has the heart to help me in anyway I would appreciate it. I'm having a boy , anything that you can send me to help will be greatly appreciated. I sold my personal stuff just to get him a small crib and I have ran out of stuff to sell. Pregnancies are supposed to be joyful, and I just can't catch a break. If you decide that you want to help me

Yessica Biron
1001 old colony rd 7-21
Meriden, ct 06451

If you can't, send me your blessings because they are truly needed . thank you for your support. 

-a mom in desperate need.




My sons must be the exception, since they left their mother over ten years ago to live with me full time. 


We decided not to cut this cake but save it. Would anyone know how we could save it so it does change or go bad. It really is amazing.



I'm in my 30's looking for a women 50+ to be my mom or granny role play MUST BE CURVY & THICK not skinny older the better 80 or 90 is good too. I will pay for your time or if your into it we can satisfy each other or you can send me pictures for money if your too far away please be serious 
The CONFESSIONS OF A MILLENNIAL MOM blog includes short stories about badass women who do badass things–and occasionally go a little batshit crazy in the process.

After taking a gander at the website and first blog post, please leave me a comment re: (1) what you think; (2) topics you think we should cover; (3) if you'd be interested in being a featured guest. 

Finally, don’t forget to SHARE the love and SUBSCRIBE to the blog updates so you and I can catch up during your next seven minutes of well-deserved, heavenly “me” time.


My family overly uses Target for all of our shopping needs but this is changing after they held my sister in a small room, denied her of her medications (she is newly diagnosed with masses all over her abdomen), traumatized her and her children, falsely accused her of shoplifting, almost sent her to jail and now she has to choose to either fight Target in court or fight her illness because financially her family can't do both. We are not asking for money but I am asking you help us make this go viral. Do not support a store that strips a woman, who is struggling, bare and has no remorse about the damage they caused. I want to show my sister she is supported. I do not have a FB and am asking people to share this story on there and any other way you know how. I want to eventually surprise my sister with how supported she truly is. This is the email I recieved from my sister, word for word, regarding a day she refers to as complete hell. (I have changed names to protect our family).

"When Target came out with transgender people being allowed to use whatever bathroom they found appropriate I supported them. I just knew that it did not matter what public bathroom you are in, or who's in there, you will always find people you do not feel comfortable with in the bathroom, regardless of gender, and that is when you leave but the other day they trapped me in a small room, would not let me leave, denied me of my medications and accused me of shoplifting. Now I have to choose between being able to pay for my treatment or being able to pay off the bill they sent me and an attorney to get this off of my record. I am mortified and ashamed sis and I do not know what to do. I have been waking up in the morning and counting the minutes before I can go back to bed. 

. 
I went to Target the other day and was going to one that we generally do not use to return some items if they had the thing a really wanted in the right size. I have always done this because sometimes one store has different items and sizes. Since treatment has started I am just not my normal self. I do not feel good, I rarely leave and this was a day where I felt I could make it an hour before picking the kids up from school. Halfway there I realized I forgot to take my medication and if I wait too long my symptoms become so severe (as you have seen. I literally have to lay down when they hit). I decided just to make it a quick shopping trip to get home to take my medication before getting the kids. It was close to their graduation and I wanted to pick up their graduation presents as well so we could celebrate. They have been through hell with me medically so they deserved them. I parked in the back because the parking lot was busy and grabbed my three bags of things I was considering returning. I went into the store, I threw my bags in the cart and my coat up top because I get extreme chills and hot flashes. I got to the store and first went to the Shopkins aisle because we feed into baby girl's Shopkin addiction and they did not have any of the collectors items so instead I picked out a big set for her and put this in my cart. I got hit by a wave of nausea, skin crawling, going to pass out, heart pouding moment and text my husband who was on lunch and going to swing by and see a bean bag chair on his lunch break (the bean bag search continues). He was across the street eating (he has been working 12.5 hour days 6 days a week because our medical bills are crushing us). He told me he had some of my medication with him and would bring it by soon but to leave if I needed to. I had disappointed my children enough with this disease so I decided to be stubborn. I went to the girl aisle and got some princess Lego sets in medium sized boxes and put these in the cart in the back of the cart because my bags were up front and I did not want to be accused of trying to take anything (ironic right?). I went to the boy aisle of Legos and holy cow Star Wars Lego sets. Both kids LOVE Star Wars and although I knew it would take all of my birthday money I wanted to make them happy. I put one large Star Wars Lego ship, this box was so large that it had to go in the back of the cart because that is the wider spot), two medium and four to five characters sets in the cart. I did not want anything to be on top of the bags because I did not want it to look like I was trying to steal something so I put the Lego sets in the back. At this point I was certain I was about to pass out so I text my husband. He was eating with his boss and asked if I needed to call an ambulence and I told him I just wanted to get it done and go home (stubborn again). He said he would be over soon. I swung by the women's department really fast and picked four shirts and then got to the bean bag aisle and none of them had two matching bean bags so I called my husband once and we lost connection. I called him again and told him I was shaking and that they did not have two matching bean bags like we hoped so he told me to bring two up to customer service that I liked and see if they had a match. He said he had to hurry to get back to work so to bring the pic of the bags and get my medicine out front so he did not have to come in. I said okay. I moved the stuff in the cart to the back to make room for the bean bags and tried to stack the pile but it toppled over on top of my bags so I gave up. I took the shirts out and put them up top and put the first bean bag in the cart. Then the hangers were all tangled on the shirts and sticking out everywhere so I took them off the hangers, stuck the hangers on a shelf, in plain view, and put them in the small part. My keys fell out of my purse which was now on top of the bean bag so I could put the other bean bag in the smaller portion but it fell off so I picked it up, laid it across the clothes without looking, put my purse on top of that with my keys and then the unpaid Shopkins set in plain view on top of that. I put the bean bag in the smaller part and started sweating. I felt so sick at this point I was ready to leave it all there but stubborn me headed to customer service where they checked the first bean bag and said they had none in stock. The customer service rep saw the Legos and commented someone was going to have a lucky day and I replied by saying, "I know! I am BUYING these for my kids graduation presents. One just finished preschool and the other Kindergarten." Next I handed her the second bean bag so everything was out in the open minus the clothes under my coat. She called back to the back and they had two in stock so she said she would have them bring them up. I asked if it was okay to run out to talk to my husband and show him the picture really fast. At this time I was going to be late picking up my son. She said "Yes, I will have them bring them up here so you can come over here and purchase your items and bean bags." I said okay and hurried, with my cart, to the door texting my husband I was coming out. I passed two Target employees on the way. I went to the first pair of doors and they did not open automatically so I went to the second one, as I went through I realized that I had unpaid merchandise and did not know if it was allowed right up front, lots of stores do sidewalk sales so I thought it would be okay but I turned around to ask right as I got poked in my shoulder and asked if I was going to purchase the items in the cart. My mouth dropped open, mortified, and I explained what had happened. The woman Loss Prevention person (LP) told me she needed to talk to me and told me I she needed to give me a no tresspass order. I asked her if that meant I could no longer come in Target and she said no. We went to a room smaller then my bathroom and she shut the door so on top of feeling like I was dying I got anxiety because of childhood trauma being trapped in a room like that. LP asked me my side and I told her exactly what I wrote above and she told me I was a liar and needed to tell the truth. She said she caught me at another store too and I told her there was no way that was true. I was so sick, in so much pain, my whole body shaking (which is when I need to take one medication to help) and LP noticed this and asked if I was okay. I told her no and that I needed my medications, I said my husband was outside in his car, I had just neen newly diagnosed and my treatment was making me sick, as well as being on new medications that made me out of it and foggy minded. I asked to go get my medications, stressing how important they were, she had my ID, and she told me no and that she would have me out of there soon. I emphasized how important these medications were and she assured me it would not be long. I was really shaking and stressed out. My son was almost out of school and so I listened to her. She told me that she had seen me go back to the Legos first thing (Not true, I went to the Shopkins aisle first) and put Lego sets in my cart in the back (true, my bags were up front) and then she said she saw me put boy Lego sets and try to conceal them (half true, I did get Lego sets but did not try to conceal 10 boxes of Legos. I did try to stack them to make room in the cart but because I put a large box on top of two smaller boxes they fell over and I just gave up on that). She said she saw me go pick out four shirts (true) and then saw me go to try to find a secluded area (false. I went to the bean bag aisle where there was a employee stocking the end cap of the aisle and I did not move my head once to look around or behind me. I told her I was not looking around to see if I was alone, which she agreed with, but said I somehow knew it was empty). She said she watched me through a crack on the bean bag aisle and saw me fold the clothes into small pieces and that I was lying about the phone calls (not true. I made two phone calls and both were to my husband and on my phone records. She somehow missed these calls and me talking but managed to see me fold four shirts into tiny pieces?). Then she said she saw me conceal the shirts (not true, I was adjusting the cart to make two large bean bags fit in an already full cart and had moved my coat, keys and purse to the top of one of the bean bags to put the other bean bag in. However, my keys fell and my purse started to slide so I put them in the smaller part, not paying attention to seeing if I covered all of it, and tucked the keys into the side pouch that had formed. Then I put the bean bag on top of that). She told me I had lied about what the customer service rep said and that I had fully left the building with unpaid merchandise (not true. I went 5 inches out of the first set of doors). I got really upset and told her I had not lied about what was going on and to ask Customer Service and check the tape to see my husbands car pull up (she said she was going to check on the car but never did) so she called the customer service person who verified what I was saying. LP had her come to the room and then made the employee stand there and block the door while she went to an adjacent room to check part of the tape. The employee asked to leave but LP said no that she needed to stand in front of the door until she came back. She came back into the room and dismissed the employee. It was time to pick my son up. I asked to call my son and she said no. I told her I had to and she said she would not have me there long. School was getting out so I picked up my phone to call and she told me to show her the number first. I did this, she Googled it, it was his school and I called and told them I would be a little late (because LP promised I would be out soon). When I got off my phone she said I was not allowed to touch it again. I asked to take a picture of the cart and was told no. She took the Lego sets out, not having to move anything and asked me what I did for a living. I told her I was a stay-at-home mom battling medical issues. She said "If you are just a stay at home mom how can you afford these expensive gifts?" I told her my husband works and I had birthday money to buy them. Then she took my coat out and checked the pockets, took the shirts out (folded in half) and then took stuff out of one of the bags I brought to return items and said the tape only showed me with two bags (not true, I had three) and at this point I asked her why, if I was concealing items, did I not put any in a bag and she told me she did not know but that I had concealed the items. This is actually impossible. I had about 9 Lego sets, four shirts and a medium Shopkins set and somehow concealed these with bags that had no more then 4 items. In fact, one only had an enema (joys of being sick) and hair clips. I asked her how it was possible and she said she did not know. At this point she asked me again to change my story. I asked her what she wanted me to say and she told me to say I was guilty of shoplifting at two stores. I told her it would not be the truth and she told me to say it anyways. I asked if she wanted to see the texts between my husband and I where we talked about him pulling up, how sick I felt, and me coming back in to purchase the items and she told me not to mention the phone or touch it. I asked to call my lawyer and she said no. She told me again to say I was guilty and said Target provided her with incentive to find the problem and I was that problem. I told her I would say whatever she wanted so I could go get my medications and children and she said that I had to do it because it was the truth. She said I had one more last chance to verbally say I was guilty or she was calling law enforcement. I told her I did tell her the truth. She picked up the phone and called the police. I asked if I was being arrested and she said no and she would have me out soon. My son had been out of school for 30 minutes so I asked to call again and was again told not to touch my phone. Law enforcement came and asked my story and during this time LP pushed for me to be guilty. I was in hysterics, sweating, shaking, heart pounding, blood pressure up, asking for the officer to listen. LP said I bypassed all Target employees on the way out the door despite the fact I talked to one at Customer Service, passed one at the self checkout, passed one who was by the food court and had not ever fully left the building. The officer went out to make a call and during this time LP smirked and told me that I should have asmitted guilt to "make it easier on everyone." I overheard the officer saying he would be right in to someone on the phone and realized I was being arrested. I asked if I could call my lawyer and again LP said no and this is not the time I would need one. The officer came back in and I lost it. I told him my son was sitting at school and that I had to pick him up and that I needed to take my medications. I pleaded with him to not arrest me. He said I needed to find someone to watch my son (I have nobody) and I told him I had nobody to do that. He said to call my husband and I explained my husband works with chemicals and does not have access to his phone (LP said I was lying because I told her I had talked and texted with him. This was on his lunch break and she knew it.) I told the officer my husband had been at KFC and then was coming over and LP said that I lied because I told her he was in the parking lot (which he did pull into after KFC but left upset because he was rushing back to work and I never came out). Then I realized my daughter was getting out of school so I told them I had to go get her. LP said I did not mention my daughter so I was lying (I did not mention her because she gets out later and LP said they would "have me out soon." The officer said he would not promise anything and went to make a call. LP made a comment under her breathe saying that I did not look like a cancer patient and then smirked at me again and said that I should have just said I was guilty so that I could have gone home. I asked to call my sons school again and she said no. The officer came back in and thankfully let me go with an upcoming court date on the 22nd. As I gathered my stuff LP grabbed my purse and went through it. She took out pens still in their wrapper and earrings purchased long ago for the 4th. She told me she would be reviewing the tapes and if I was near these items would be pulling me back in and doing this all over. I was ashamed and emvarassed. I am so stupid for letting this happen. I thanked the officer and he replied by saying he did not know what to believe and wasn't sure I knew the truth at this point and to expect a $2,500 fine. We went back to a different Target and it is impossible to conceal the items that I had with the three small bags I had. The text messages that LP refused to look at show that I was sick, freaking out, in a hurry and fully intended on paying for my stuff. 
     We can't afford my medical bills so we can't afford a lawyer or the fine. I got out to my car and threw up. I had to pull over several times from shaking so bad. I had no meds since husband went back to work. I lost a small clump of hair from stress and treatment.  I got to my sons school two and a half hours late and because he has seen me sick, in the hospital, in ambulences, etc. he said he was afraid I had died because I had gotten sick like Uncle did (cancer) and Aunt L (ALS) both fresh on his mind. He sobbed. I felt horrible. He has not let me out of his sight since. My daughter was equally traumatized. I feel like an idiot. I can't have this happen. We were ready to launch the anti-bullying campaign and my store online but can't with this coming up. I am terrified. I do not know what to do. I just can't afford this. We have bills burying us alive and can't pay for treatment and this stuff so what do I do? Put treatment off? I have been crying every day since. I am so sick to my stomach. Anxiety is killing me. I sent an email to the DA, officer and Target pleading my case with no answer. I picked up the mail the other day and had a $700 bill from Targets lawyer. I called to say that I had not left with any merchandise and it had added up to $327. They said this was a seperate fee from court and they charge you regardless of if you leave with stuff. The remainder was explained as "extra charges." My heart hurts so bad that this is happening. I would do anything to change it. I offered community service no matter how sick treatment makes me and/or to sign a petition to take full penalty if I ever stole. I am at my wits end and I can't take much more."

Now, let me tell you about my sister. She spent two years paralyzed from the waist down and still made soup for friends who were sick, she organizes an entire Christmas (gifts, food and tree) for a family in need every Christmas. She has helped four families who lost their homes to fire. She is about to launch an anti-bullying campaign with her six year old son. She is about to open a business that opens up jobs for stay at home parents and people with chronic illnesses. She is a phenomonal mom, wife and friemd. She is always there for others. We have lost two relatives very close to us recently, she found out about four weeks ago what her own battle looks like so the future is uncertain. Her mom was also just diagnosed with breast cancer. This is making her physically sick and we have tried to contact Target but they never answer. The stress is making things worse. She is a very talented writer who was about to open a blog with kids fashion and ironically spent hours at Target who were to be featured more then anyone else in her blog. It was not uncommon for her to take purchased items to the store to match to others for a picture but none were ever stolen and she cleared this with an employee at Target. Now she has hit rock bottom and her kids need her more then Target needs to make her out to be a criminal. She can't afford to fight both and the stress on her husband is greater then anyone can imagine but they get through it because they are strong and they use their story to inspire others. Please support my sister by sharing this story and show Target that it is not okay to take advantage of someone battling this horrible disease. 
There are now *two* walls that can be seen from space. One's in China, and the other is this post.





now this....
this is a shit post. 
I get the [reference](http://bindingofisaac.wikia.com/wiki/Mom), I just think it's funny

SPAM
Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love. 


Your sidebar has a pretty comprehensive list of how to say "Mom" in various languages. Or, it would, if not for a glaRING ERROR. What is the most spoken language on Earth??? Do Chinese people not have mom's?!!? 妈妈！MAMA! This is not difficult!! 他妈的网站
lmao but for real tho
Your comment would have had much more weight if it wasn't for the crazy inclusion of 'triggered' in your title, as well as the nasty tone.
These shitlords will never understand. Everyone who isn't white is just subhuman to them. 
*triggered*
stop tone policing me. 

The most honest rating I can get after gigging for years as a lead guitarist:

To much bass,  not enough keys, can't hear the strings(violin)  there are too many lead guitar solo's, the tone on the lead has way too much treble, The beat was a little slow and it was hard to stay focused on the melody( there really wasn't one that stood out that followed any major chord progression that is a proven hit regardless of genre)

You will never get anywhere as an instrumental band, trust me I'm not being a keyboard warrior and shit talking. That shit was super popular in the 90's and even Liquid Tension Experiment nor Dream Theatre made it far out of there.

If this is a hobby as long as you are all enjoying it jam the fuck on!


I always remember being sexually attracted to my mom. She lets me grab her ass sometimes and feel her tits, she doesn't like tell me I can but I do it and she doesn't stop me. She will not let me touch her pussy or anything but like I'll pull her pants down n grab her ass. One time I was laying on her stomach when she had these short shorts on I flipped around and was face down on he vag. I think I was licking it but idk she told me to stop but let me keep going and stuff. She never wears bras downs white shirts. I found a nude pic of her and have been master bating to it I along with her party's I think she found it n just put it back. Do you think she wants to have sex with me 

How old are you?
I really want to have sex with my mom. I was hoping I could get advice from a mom. If you want pictures just ask.
Get a girlfriend.
She is so hot
get a therapist
Pics?

Ok, unsubscribing now. This subreddit is fucked up, and this was the final straw. 
You must not fight it. You must accept. Submit to the tyranny of gender neutral bathrooms. You cannot win. There is no good and evil, only power and those too weak to seek it. 
