
In 2020 I will be 32, upgraded my pc with components I have not chosen yet, and going to microcenter (:
It bothers me that she is not mentioning the age part. Did she turn 22 or not?
In 2017 I'll have a kid with zika
That's badass
Super motivating. She's one of the three best in America for her event, which puts her in competition for a medal. The guts and will that girl has...
Hook 'em
Respect
Good for her.
Is no one going to mention that she has the face of a fat Asian child on her stomach?
...so she hasn't done either yet. jk very cool!
That's motivation!
walk the walk, talk the talk. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Jesus Christ I just turned 30 last week, and this is too real. 

This happened to a friend of mine TRU STRY. He is rich with cars and money and big house. Supermodel wife. All it took was this one motivating story.
so brave
hahahahahahah

Absolutely! Can I borrow 8billion? I want to be a better person.
Isn't PayPal a pretty shady company?
Bullshit. Elon didn't start paypal or Tesla. He acquired them. He's a cool guy and all, but the aura he's cultivated is more legend than truth.

edit: and hyperloop was neither his idea nor is he involved in it. He briefly promoted it for political gains for his car company.
"Elon wanted hair, so he bought some."
Also, Elon's company in Tesla doesn't make any money.

Jokes aside, he is badass!
Elon is my hero! Of course I want to be like Elon... Unfortunately I can't, so I'll keep being me.
Elon wanted his dick sucked so he called OP.
Yeah, he went to private prep schools his whole life, and the after graduating from Ivy League college started an internet company with his daddy's money in 1995. Look, the guy has obviously done well with the cards that were dealt to him, but let's not pretend he wasn't dealt an awesome hand. Dude is another example of being born on third base. And I don't mean to put him down, like I said above I've got tons of respect for Elon Musk and he's certainly someone worth taking some lessons from. He's got an inner drive that is quite admirable. But don't beat yourself up if you're not him, his success is not entirely because of an innate superiority to the rest of us, he's had a lot of helping hands along the way. 
Shit, Trump had a 1million loan from his dads. What I could do with even that....
This is a fucking shitpost
It's not like he even created it.  Paypal merged with another company elon was involved in.  It is a pretty shady company because they get to act like a bank while avoiding all of the normal banking regulations where it's convenient.
Shady in that it occasionally fucks its customers as an unregulated banking service, but for the most part it does its job.
> but the aura he's cultivated is more legend than truth.

Ummmmm

>He is the founder, CEO, and CTO of SpaceX; co-founder, CEO, and product architect of Tesla Inc.; co-founder and chairman of SolarCity; co-chairman of OpenAI; co-founder of Zip2; and founder of X.com, which merged with Confinity and took the name PayPal.

Give me a break, the dude is as popular as he is for a reason.
I recommend reading his biography.  Written by a guy who initially felt the same way.  

His story is a lot more complex.  

He didn't found Paypal;  He founded something else that was clubbing paypal to death and after a merger intended to benefit them both, he was ousted as CEO due to his dysfunctional personality (Steve Jobs, anyone?), they used the Paypal name.  He didn't acquire Tesla; but in a world where literally every other attempt at electric vehicles failed massively, he made one work gloriously, and one which is now worth more than Ford, and briefly was worth more than GM.  This was a series of decisions that every engineer at Tesla will attribute solely to Musk.
SpaceX is saving the U.S. Government and it's taxpayers enough money in contracts, while delivering on schedule, to literally fund an entire additional SpaceX if they wanted. 

The degree to which you underestimate and do not understand the decisions and process of Elon Musk as a contributor and 'founding father' of Paypal or Tesla is ludicrous, and you should educate yourself before spewing bullshit. 
This is pretty spot on
Thanks for speaking the truth.  Elon Musk knows very well that his battery tech is bad and solar panels are worse for the environment than traditional cars, but hey don't let that stop him from being worshipped.

We need more Nuclear power.  You would need to cover the entire state of Arizona with Solar panels to get enough energy to meet CURRENT needs -- that's not speaking to future needs.  And the production of solar panels is incredibly environmentally taxing compared to nuclear -- but Elon can sell it.

At least one citation: https://www.wired.com/2016/03/teslas-electric-cars-might-not-green-think/

And yes, I know he knows this because he is a trained physicist.
Yes, it isn't even the money angle so much as it is the connections he has in those circles - connections the rest of us would be hard pressed to make. The reality is that you need money to make connections. Which is why industry conferences with speakers etc cost so much and are often highly exclusive. You must buy your way to a position where you can have your voice heard loud enough to create change. It's the same in business as it is in politics.
He went to Pretoria Boys High in South Africa, which is a government school. When I was there in the 90s the school fees for the year were equivalent to $1000. 

Anyone else read it in his voice?
BOOYAKISHA! RESPEK!
If video games taught me anything it's that it's almost impossible to go the wrong way. 
This is...not true. Have you ever played an RPG?
Amazing!
Wow.  People post stupid bullshit in here all the time that doesn't make sense or that could easily be twisted, but make a generalization about a video game and suddenly we're all up in arms.

At any rate, as someone who's making ground toward being successful, I agree with this dude (even if he looks like a moron).  Have an upvote.
lol. That's pretty funny. I'm thinking abotu GTA now....I wonder who the enemy would be considered lol
I don't understand this at all
Absolutely.
Zelda..
hahahaha. you've never played with me before...
Skyrim? Enemies everywhere!
Some RPGs still have a set number of enemies, meaning that you once you kill them, they're gone and you can't grind (KOTOR comes to mind).  So actually yeah, even in RPGs this is still at least partially accurate.
Perhaps newer ones, but most earlier one's, practically all of them had randomized enemies on maps--which never went away, for leveling up. And the way this is phrased brought my mind to someone with experience with growing up on video games. 

So the ship is the Earth and electric cars are the buckets? Beautiful analogy.
Too bad more people don't think like that.  We'd probably all be driving hovercars and running on solar power, or whatever it was Nicola Tesla had up his sleeves.
The ship is sinking. He knows it. He's building rockets so he can send his son to a distant planet where he gets a funky high on a yellow sun. 
Where can one access these patents?
The real reason was to create competition so there are more people making electric cars. The electric car market is very small compared to overall car market, and creating competition makes more people interested in electric cars, thereby increasing his market share. 

He didn't turn over all the patents for everything he's doing. He gave away specific technology just to allow them to compete a little... Or at least that's my understanding. 
Yeah, he rocks!
Instead we use "socialism" as the boogeyman word and all die in our beds with no jobs and high healthcare costs. Don't worry, one day we'll all be billionaires with just enough elbow grease and millions of dollars of inheritance from our families. 
Just because the company name's Tesla, Elon isn't following all of Tesla's ideas
It was mostly just death rays.
He's making rockets to get out, as well as making solar city and hybrid cars to make the Earth better
patents.google.com
I thought he was making cars to finance the rockets. Mind as well make them clean no? Plus the climate is complicated, like the economy. Most people can't tell the difference between climate facts and spin made up to keep the rich, rich. So we don't know exactly when there maybe a crash, maybe not at all. If I was smarter I would try too. 

1865     Was assassinated
Inspiring 
Love this
Very inspiring, this is a great way of communicating the message that perseverance is key.
'Murica.
Instead of motivating me, this just made me think less of Lincoln. 
Fucking Templars 
Why? Because he did stuff and then failed in some of them? 
Instead of enticing potential partners, your username guarantees they stay away. 

Edit: Oh god I just looked at your post history. It gets worse 😂
It was a joke. But for troll's sake, I'll continue this conversation: 

Failed MOST of them. 
You think people decide on their reddit usernames based on how likely it is to entice potential partners??
I don't go to Reddit to "entice partners". Too many women like you out there. 
This joke is a couple days old now shut the fuck up 😂
Sometimes I forget there are 12 years old on here. Thanks for the reminder!
Lmao I'm a 12 year old but you're defending someone who's username is 10indong. That's not immature right ? 😂
Am I really defending them or am I just pointing out how dumb you look? Hmm... 
You look just as dumb buddy. I made a joke and you and dong got butthurt lmao 

I love that line about Oprah. That resonates with me deeply. So many young people think they need to be their version of "Oprah" already, or that they are expected to be at 20-25, and such. It takes time. 
I like this. Ageist excuses for accomplishments are one of the many forms of excuses that got you to where you are now without fulfilling your goals
Well with the failure that is Ghostbusters, she's due to be the next Oprah.
It is if you're trying to get laid.
I love Leslie Jones so much. 
This is quite profound...

This is great for r/wholesomememes
I have no idea why but I love this more then anything
[better with sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kmh4BbJPz8)
/r/latestagecapitalism
I don't always 'save' stuff, but when I Do, its stuff like this.

Stay thirsty my friend.


for water. water plz
Link to video [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kmh4BbJPz8).

Apparently it's some sort of Thai(?) PSA so that people stop drinking and be useful to society and the country. Being Southeast Asian myself, this is exactly the sort of crap you'd see everyday on state owned television channels back in the 80s and 90s.
Got it from r/absolutelynotme_irl 
oh god, that has to one of the dumber reddits on the entire site, why did you have to remind me about it. Oh well, time for some self indulgent scrolling I guess.
It's about quitting drinking. 

Perfect timing. Thanks bruh. 
Not exactly the person I'd expect to make effective motivation statements, but this is actually really helping me feel a bit better about things. Thanks for sharing.
What if you are 45?
Just turned 26 on Wednesday. Thanks Louie  
Lol, [this](http://imgur.com/CSuXjmJ) just happened...
Couldn't have read this at a better time. 
i'm 23, in grad school, and still often find myself feeling lost as fuck ... it helps knowing others feel the same way, thanks!
my thoughts exactly
you should be twice as OK
Be happy with your lot in life and if you're not, change it.  If you cant change it or can't see how you can then change how you think about it. Optimum est pati quod emendare non possis

Think about it.

[deleted]
glad to be on the same boat
And half as math.
The time and effort I committ towards school kind of messes with my head, and maybe its just that I worry too much about things such as: will I be happy? Will I enjoy going to work everyday? (I dread at the idea of being miserable everyday doing something that I do not love), that I won't find the "right girl" ... probably shit that I should not be worrying about but hey, I'd be lying if I told you it doesn't cross my mind. Cheers to making it where you are btw, theres no time limit for success. 

Except there have been times when I really can't figure it out even with the coin in the air...
This goes along with "People only ask advice when they already know what they want to know" or something along those lines. 
Then it's even easier. Obviously there isn't a right answer. Fucking pick something and run with it. At least you chose your destiny instead of letting circumstance choose it for you. There are very very few instances when indecision proves better than either alternative, and really indecision is a decision.
Your comment fits your username well 
I just seen this post and I have to say it was exactly what I needed to hear right now. Thank you for that.

BAMF
That's the right frame of mind. Wishing you well brother, may NED be your friend forever :)
This is genuine motivation brother. You are someone who has faced true adversity and is overcoming. Not the Jordon Belfort shitposts I have seen on this sub in the past. Well done and stay positive brother !
I thought this post was art, because the middle photo looks like a balustrade and the archway in the photo on the right looks like a person's head.
:O That's great! You should do an AMA. How's the recovery? 
[deleted]
Cheers!
The first thing I woke up to was a surgeon descending the rebuilt leg as "a work of art"!
AMA? Strong so far thank you! 
Massive proximal tibia replacement! So some tibia & femur! Bionic! Very well so far thanks! 
Ask Me Anything. If youre up to questions about cancer or recovery. 
AMA means ask me anything and it's also a subreddit where people go to be interviewed by fellow redditors. :) You're welcome.
Ah I see! Is that a thread? I may do that!
You may make your own in r/AMA or here, or any relevant subreddit :)

Thanks for posting. What is this from?
I miss this show
50x reposted. Ughghhhhh
/r/ shitpost
Bojack Horseman, a Netflix show
I hadn't seen it
Yeah I'm on Reddit quite a bit and I've never seen it

Casey Neistat? Yeahhhh.
Casey Neistat is the best! Heres the original if anyone wants to know: [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9VBpbnXhWk)  
Thank you, that's awesome!
When it said huslte he should have done the hustle.
I love Casey Neistat. 
No probelm! Glad you like it. I wish I could have it as my laptop background always moving haha 
There are programs that allow you to have videos as you desktop background. I don't remember the names of any offhand, but I'll see if I can find them.
Yeah!? Please let me know. I remember doing some research on it in the past, but I couldn't find one for mac. I use both Mac and PC now so perhaps I should have a look into it again. 
http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/18167/set-a-video-as-your-desktop-wallpaper-with-vlc/
Thanks! I'll give it a shot sometime. 
As soon as he gets off that escalator! Better hustle

As someone who's just beginning to eat right / work out to lose weight for the first time- a fraction of Joey's- this guy is a total badass.
I've never lost 200lbs so this guy is definitely a winner in my eyes. Good on him!
It's really, really hard to get teased day in and day out. I'm a grown ass man way too old to give a shit about people calling me names but there's still times when I'm alone that I'll cry to release some of the hurt. 

If he needs to leave social media then maybe that's the best choice for him (just saying). Sometimes the fight for 'right' is really hard when you are the one doing the battling.
Such a massive difference! Joey, you're the man. Don't let the bastards grind you down, you're doing something incredible. 
I've been following him on Instagram and didn't know he deleted it. Dang, that really sucks. I was always inspired by him!
great job
Well done Joey! I really hope this somehow finds it way to you. Really good work! 
Why were people against him?
To actually keep something going for that period of time without giving up and people keep insulting you for it is unfair but that guy puts tons of effort and has a great mindset to keep going. I hope he keeps at it. Maybe its me but he does look happier  in the second photo
Wow. That's a lot of hard work and a buttload of calories burned.
"Haters gonna hate, while joey loses weight" - complimentpin
Did he end up deleting his instagram?
If his skin is wrinkled permanently, any medical procedure that will, for lack of a better term, shrink it?
I've got mad respect for the guy. I don't think people understand how addictive eating is for heavy people. I've been fighting my weight here and there my whole life. Probably gone through at least 4 different weight loss cycles ranging between 15 lbs to 60 lbs. But 200 POUNDS lost! WOW! That is incredibly inspirational! 

You're right, this guy is a badass!
[removed]
If I lost 200lbs I wouldn't be here any more.
because people on the internet are mean =(
People want you to do well but not better than themselves. 
Yes you can get skin removal and tucks.  Expensive and painful but in extreme cases almost everyone that gets it is happy with it.
You are what we call a "negative nancy". You're in the wrong sub. You should leave.
You're an asshole alright but it is for different reasons than your diet.
Why do you think that makes you deemed an asshole?  I don't understand what you mean by your post 
You contradict your value of no negativity by telling me to leave. I would be surprised if you could comprehend what that means. 
Ya dude, you're only proving my point. Anyways, bye Felicia!
I'm sorry to hear about your TBI
You have no point. You are just blabbering nonsense.
Felicia being ornery, begone foul troll! Your dark magic won't work on me!

This is the first one of these that's made me think "oh shit"! 

I'm chasing my dream at the moment and I hope it pays off!
on career choice 
Awesome quote.
Does his final quote relate to the father's story of losing the job? I'm a bit confused
Yeah but he's also an anti-vaxxer so not a very good poster boy for smart decisions. 
Even if it doesn't, you know you tried
Every single person in history, including whoever you look up to, has fucked up at some point or had some fucked up view. 
Ahhhh but you can only kill babies once. Source: pediatric doctor friend who just had a 4 month die in her arms.  

Be a professional dancer and do all three with one hobby.
Does anyone have any suggestions? This seems like a great idea, but I've no hobbies.
!remindme 1 week (for more suggestions on hobbies)
Speed crochet is my poison....
Saving for later! 
RemindMe! 2 days "Interesting Hobbies!"
Damn, you are right. My cousin is a dancer: he is happy, makes good money and is in great shape. 
Develop small games. Enjoyable but such a time sink once you get started. You've got to keep your scope so small to begin with.
Start with small personal goals. I went from living in my mom's basement, smoking pot and gaming all day to playing guitar and working out. I have abs now and a healthy physique, playing very fluently guitar in less than 3 years. I live in a beautiful home with my gf for 2 years now and we do a lot of sports and working out together. We recently broke our tv and still haven't bought a new one since we dont have time for it. We work everyday as well and save as much as we can so we can start our own businesses and a family. I also do mma workouts about 3 times a week so I dont have much spare time but with the time I have I still try to be as productive as I can. Working in our garden or cooking, prepping meals and I really love it. The feeling of succeeding every day is so much better than the feeling of going to bed without having done any kind of progress. Life is progressing. Be the best version of yourself! (Also when I know I have a day off, I buy some pot, start my good ol msi laptop and play games like in the old days with redbull untill I cant go more... and it feels so good doing so once every week or month instead in having to do so everyday. Reward yourself occasionally to keep you going! We're only human after all. Hope this helps!
The bot never reminded me... :/ 
I'm reminding you now

Insanely motivating. 

And, I mean, you can't really go wrong with Parks & Rec.
Has the guy on the left had any sort of cosmetic surgery?
I don't get it. They both look happy.
Plastic Fucking Surgery 
Okay, while I'm all about motivation, let's be real: 1) Rob Lowe has been a hugely famous movie star for well over 20 years now. His access to better and healthier living is probably WAY beyond the means of most, including his co-worker pictured here in P&R.  2) Genetics play a huge role in this as well. Just because Rob Lowe looks way healthier does not necessarily mean that he is way healthier. Who knows if his co-worker is a total health freak. Some people are simply bigger due to genetics. And 3) Just because Clooney is fucking more 20 year olds than most 20 year old men are doesn't mean it's the norm. Some people are just 'unique'...
Specifically, people like Rob Lowe can afford to have cooks, dietitians  and trainers manage their lifestyle.

Still, it should be motivating to see an almost-50-year-old man who looks as good as Rob Lowe. Let's face it, he looks better at 49 than most of us ever will. AND it takes a lot of work on his part to stay that way, even if he has more than the rest of us.
Dude, nobody is predetermined to be fat by genetics. That's ridiculous. Unless you have some sort of generic disease, a healthy person should not be very overweight.

Also, sorry for replying to a 3 month old comment.
You don't need to be rich to eat healthy. Nor do you need someone to cook for you, tell you what to eat, or how to work out. If you need all those things to be healthy, sounds like a pretty lazy person to me. 

Hence probably why this was posted to r/motivation. 
Look at Chuck Norris. He's like over 70 in those total gym commercials.
If you're not a "rich" american, then what you say is true, although barely. Middle class americans can afford to eat healthy. To most of the rest of the world, it IS more expensive to eat healthy, and even in poorer parts of this country it's tough to eat healthy. Buying and preparing fruits and veggies on a daily basis is something that low wage workers don't have time or money for. This is well-documented.

Inspirational.. 
This is so beyond inspiration to keep exercising regularly. What an awesome and very different way to relate the reasons to work everyday to progress as an individual.
Welp, time to get off reddit. 
Anyone have anymore of these 4chan inspirational images?
Holy shit. I love this so much
This is easily the most inspirational thing I've read from 4chan.
I'm pretty sure this stupid 4chan shit just changed my life
Actually legit.
do you have a link to this thread? I can't find it. thanks!
And so very true. There isn't a lie in there to try and motivate us, this isn't imaginary, it's true. The future us is waiting on us to do something. Waiting; silently.
Yes. It motivated me more then I've realised..  Thus it begins :) 

thanks 
This is more inspirational to me than you will ever know. Thanks.
Honestly, before practice I think this every day.
*of motherfuckers
It's the thought that counts
Apparently his English teacher is one 

Next time you get denied for a job, just think you might start the next $16 billion company. 
I can't stress this enough. Your **internal** mindset/attitude is so powerful and makes all the difference in the world!
Great find, also interesting to see his tweet count rise from just 4 months. 
I came here to post this exact same thing. 


I think this is print-and-pin-on-the-wall worthy.
.... assuming you are a programmer.
Are you assuming only programmers can start a $16 billion + company?
If you have a great idea, that itself can be worth $16 billion + company.
No, I'm simply implying that going from $0 to $16b in 3 years in today's market is nearly impossible unless you are selling some valuable piece of software.  Traditional start-up companies take much longer to put a physical product to market, to say nothing of making $16b.

Even then, the man got very lucky.  Good for him though!  Hopefully he uses it for good things.
Chipotle. 

This is surprisingly depressing instead of motivating
Why not? What if it's a great year? Just like in music, rhythm and repetition are things that the human brain intrinsically enjoys.

But someone has to be the smartest person in the room?
As I get older and meet more people in different stages of thier lives it is difficult to think of one person as smarter than another. 
It is also seems sleazy to assign a value to friends and colleagues.

Instead, I would say: People with positive attitudes, lots of drive, and who have motivating stories are good teachers.
I like to combine this thinking with approach "always try to be the smartest person in the room".


You are always bettering yourself, rather than just quietly standing in a room full of smart people.
yeah I agree better alone than surrounded by energy drainers !!
I completely disagree with the statement, it sounds like something an Amway cult follower would regurgitate.
this is pretty douchey.....
But there is only one smartest person on earth. Think about it. Or not - whatever floats your boat.
Yes, I think over the years people are starting to dismantle the myth that intelligence is inborn and its hard work to get there. It seems almost like a put down to someones hard work when someone says "He's just good at math cause hes smart." 
It's actually really true. I believe that you are responding to the notion that it is cocky to consider ones self the best. This is the wrong way to look at it. Rivals drive eachother to succeed. If you* have no rivals, you are less driven to succeed. This is bad.

*Well, perhaps not you, specifically.
Sorry, this is a stupid question, but how would it be douchey?
If you're the smartest person on planet, you're on the wrong planet.
[deleted]
Smartest alien in the universe.
A lot of people just don't want you to be coming up.
if you're the smartest alien in the universe, you're in the wrong universe.
Smartest universe.
Smartest universe in the multiverse

Or be a bottle of juice. It just means you're a little sweeter. 
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It's not about your circumstances, it's what you're made of.
[Be water my Friend.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJMwBwFj5nQ) 
[/r/MountainWisdom](https://www.reddit.com/r/MountainWisdom/)
Be like water making its way through cracks. ... If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle.
Be water, my friend.
I am 14 and this is deep
Just don't be a bottle of milk. Don't go sour over time.

This is amazing 
Tbh it may be a syrupy snack to keep her energized during her workout.

Did you check if it went in her mouth or in nose?
Fighting depression here. Many years now, and I've been in a gym slump lately. This got me to go! Thank you for posting this. Life is hard
Nose 
Still can't be sure. Any way you can taste it? 

Well done OP!
Good job my friend. Keep it up.
That takes a serious amount of willpower! Congratulations on achieving your goals.
Gj gg
Congratulations on hitting  your goal! 

I don't know you but I'm proud of you anyway. 

The woman on the left rises at 3:30am everyday, runs, eats no salt, sugar, dairy or meat. Works out hours a day and looks like that. The woman on the right sucked off Chuck Berry, BB King and The Big Bopper, smoked everything can could be smoked, drank everything that could be drank, had 12 kids and buried 4 husbands. Today, she has a slight heroin habit and drinks a bottle of gin every other day while balling old Mr. henderson down the street. She's not giving a fuck! 
IIRC the woman on the left (I forget her name unfortunately) didn't start lifting until later in life. 
The one on the right is undercover. 
And genetics
Wow. Inspiration like this really hits home. Simple but effective. 
Black don't crack, lol. But yeah, I agree with the message of the post.
Different paths; same outcome - death.
The void beckons. 
Holy mother of heavy. *15 lbs*
That makes me feel less guilty about being lazy at a young age 
Ernestine Shepherd
No
YOU said it first.  BUT that's what i was thinking
Spoken like a true gym poseur.
Lol do you even lift bro? Kettle balls are super hard to hold due to its shape. 15 is super good for her frame. I do 25lbs and it's challenging 
Why are you down voting this man?

What I see this post as is, "genetics may help in the end, but don't rely on them to get you anywhere." 

Your hard work is *yours,* not your genetics. I for one agree with this man.
Plus she's not working out. It's a photo shoot. The kettle ball is a prop. A prop that she's probably held over the course of at least an hour in many different positions to get a great photo.

But nah, let's shit all over an 80 year old woman who is clearly in exceptional shape because her prop isn't extremely heavy.

That is one awesome professor
This sounds more like a bragging asshole than a motivational speech. 

Luck maybe an idea we created but there are most definitely things out of our control. 

I guess this made me angry because I have pretty much put my social life on hold in order to progress at work. It's paying off financially but having no social life is not my idea of success. On top of this I have been pushing myself so hard that now I'm sick and I got a flat tire on my way to work today which put me even further behind. 

My point being, shit happens, it's a part of life. Anyone saying you should have complete control of it is effectively blaming you for something you have no control of and in it's self is making an excuse. 

Nicely said!
What fucking legend! 
Your professor is awesome! Really appreciated his reply minus the two most generic sayings. IMO, it somewhat took away from the oomph and positive message he was trying to give you. 
That's absolute horseshit I've never read anything that sounds more like useless pablum in my life. Meritocracy is a complete myth in our society. Read the book the myth of meritocracy 

Success and Luck: Good Fortune and the Myth of Meritocracy https://www.amazon.com/dp/0691167400/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_6eVJyb4VY44ZF


Of course hard work matters but there is literally so much that is out of our control. All we can control is what's immediately in our control and even then literally 90-95% of everything going on in our mind is completely unconscious to us (Leonard mlodinow - subliminal). 

We need to stop seeing ourselves as fully self caused individuals and instead see ourselves as a confluence of influences. r/determinism 

This does not negate our responsibility it simply reframes and enhances it. 
What? You mean double whoopers are bad for your health?
I'm sorry, but that just came across as a poorly worded - ass lemonade? - and rather unimpressive, dickish thing to say. But that's just my take. 

"Excuses are like bottoms, everyone has one and they all stink. What I want is to see your lemonade." 

If this person is an English prof. his lemonade is weak. 
Wahhh I've had an unlucky week! Poor me wahhhhh
"What I want is to see your lemonade."?

Is your professor Donald Trump?
I think what he meant to say with the first line is, when faced with things that are out of your control, it is completely in your control how you decide to deal with it. At least that's how I took it. 
Yeah, god. I saw this post earlier and thought it must have something to do with the topic of this subreddit that people were celebrating this professor acting like such a douche.
Nah, you don't know him. He's a kind man. He's old now, 64, and he recently got diagnosed with Alzheimer's and has PTSD after serving as a U.S. Marine. He did his due, and is damn sure proud of it. I respect the guy. 


I'm in the same predicament as you. Putting my social life behind me for the past few months since I started working full-time supervising at Heathrow, has definitely changed my outlook on what success is. 

Sure, financially I'm alot more stable, but I've had to give up alot of time with friends and family. While it's incumbent for all to work for a living, often it's difficult to balance out the parity of work with social life. Honestly though, that's part and parcel of life. It's what you do with the time you're always saving up for that counts. 
Preach. I'm glad you said it. I wouldn't have been as kind. 
Luck, and how you handle a situation are two totally different things though. Yes, I got a flat tire the same day I got sick. That's bad luck. I pushed on and got the job done despite being set back and it talking me much longer than usual, but that has nothing to do with luck. The whole point is that I was set back and late. 

What if my flat tire caused a wreck? That's even worse luck, if I broke my arm and had to go to the hospital, that would have put me even further behind. What would his response to that situation be? Probably a totally different attitude towards it due to the severity, however... It still boils down to bad luck. 
u/DTru1222 sounds like he could follow your teacher's advice.  Yeah, it started as a brag, but come on, he even mentions his declining health due to poor choices.  It's true that there are things beyond your control, but you still decide how to respond to those things.  That's what the whole lemons thing is about, it recognizes that, yeah, shit happens, but the idea is to turn that shit into a delicious frosty.  I may be confusing my expressions, but your professor sounds like he knows what's up.  Thanks for posting.
Don't misunderstand, I completely agree with everything you said. Just thought I would bring that up as a possible way to look at it. I appreciate you taking the time to write that 
I'm just going to re post something I said to a different user because it is the same response to your comment. 

Luck, and how you handle a situation are two totally different things though. Yes, I got a flat tire the same day I got sick. That's bad luck. I pushed on and got the job done despite being set back and it talking me much longer than usual, but that has nothing to do with luck. The whole point is that I was set back and late. 

What if my flat tire caused a wreck? That's even worse luck, if I broke my arm and had to go to the hospital, that would have put me even further behind. What would his response to that situation be? Probably a totally different attitude towards it due to the severity, however... It still boils down to bad luck. 


You're welcome! I'm glad his advice was able to help more people! That's his goal, as he told me. To change somebody's life through teaching. He doesn't have to be teaching, he has a lot of other things he could be doing.

I was a baby in 1998, high school graduate 18 years later. Don't let your dreams be dreams.
This is fucking dumb
He shrunk 1inch every year 
This is what determination looks like.
So nice to finally see a photo of the guy who'll send me Winnie Mandela's millions.
His dream was to manage finances?
Wow, good one! Never give up! 👍👍
[deleted]
"I had a shit job when I was a teenager and now as adult I have an average job".

Really inspiring.  
I think they manage finances.
[deleted]
The finance managers I know make closer to $600k a year, not $60k. I suppose it is dependent on client base. 

I get the idea of this, but that's deflecting; it also doesn't really make sense to ask that question in return - unless I am just reading it completely wrong. 
Sounds like he's the one being negative for assuming everyone with legs is miserable. Even his stance makes him look like he's bitter.
My man pots and pans! Seize the day!
I might have a shitty attitude, but at least I have legs.
So everyone asking him is negative? Ok?

Sounds like a douchey response, to be honest.

I'd ask, "How do you deal with a name like Johnny Joey Jones?"
You're right. 
> I get the idea of this, but that's deflecting; it also doesn't really make sense to ask that question in return

How do you walk up stairs without legs?

How do you walk down stairs with yours?
When someone asks you such a dumb question they're not happy
He's not going around asking everyone, just people that assume he is negative because he has no legs

Awesome. 
[source](http://www.loadingartist.com/2012/08/29/inspidered/), because OP is literally Mittler by not linking to it.
This describes my day today, got off my sorry sad ass and made a huge decision to focus my energy on. Makes me feel good :)
Easier yelled than done, though.

Up until this very day, there are people around the world who will never live up to their potential due to lack of access and opportunity. 
and, in a lot of cases, a lack of drive and motivation.  
And by some crazy coincidence most of these unmotivated geniuses seem to have congregated on reddit.

I like it.
Very true quote, I like it a lot, but maybe you could go for something less blunt or definite than "You're dead".
^

nah, that's a movie misnomer - really flatlining means the probe has been disconnected.

there's just nothing at all when you're dead, which I guess is more apt.
> blunt

Heh.

No but really, like what? 
Blunt, as in abrubt. Insensitive.
No I know that .__.

What did you think I should have put instead of "You're dead?"
My attempt: "The ups and downs in life mean you are living."

Though now it sounds ridiculously simple and  idiotic..
"You're not living."
this sounds much more potent
Someone's a little late to the party

100% 
This is good. Thank you.

I needed that. Thank you.
[Almost everyone](http://www.physics.purdue.edu/academic_programs/undergraduate/index.php)
So damned true. 


See also : "I'm not going to set myself on fire just to keep you warm." 
Just so everyone knows

Mature Gambino = [Childish Gambino](https://youtu.be/ExVtrghW5Y4) = [Donald Glover](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Glover) = [Troy Barnes](https://giphy.com/gifs/community-bad-troy-barnes-jj6Fxf6fLZ6Io?utm_source=media-link&utm_medium=landing&utm_campaign=Media%20Links&utm_term=) = [Butts Carlton](http://i.imgur.com/IWgZAFU.jpg)
Just do whatever you want!
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Glover
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^51039

Doctor Destiny: You know, I could let you go. You're a distraction now. And as the others who have the real problems. We're like insects to them. They step on us, ruin our lives. And they don't even realise it. But you're different. You don't have any special powers.

Batman: Oh, I have one, Johnny: I never give up. 

-Justice League
Shizz, this is just awesome. Thanks!
...and HUGE adamantium balls. 
wow this is great! Thanks! 
I think sometimes they let Batman win.. for being so adorable!
That's wolverine. 

lets just hope they are helping him eat healthy as well, or else this cardio wont matter much!
Good kids! 
Even without a healthy diet, exercise is better than no exercise.

And regardless of either of those, friendship is better than no friendship.
A social life is a great way to lose weight, especially if the parents are enabling or causing the weight gain.
It helps boost self esteem too.

Or so I hear.

This really sucks to see. I was hoping it would go away with time. Im on day 120  myself good for you man! Keep up the good work 
Never smoked: me

Money saved: none
Can they make something similar for fat people. Stats help!
Now this is cool. Congratulations! On both the quitting and the will power to tell yourself no. 
wow those numbers are astonishing! Kind of ironic cus when I read the post while smoking a cig when I'm trying to quit :( 
What app is this?
What app is this??? I've been cig free for 3 months, nicotine free for 1 month (nicotine patches took 2 months)

I think this could help when I get a craving down the line.
I quit in August of 1990.  I checked mine for fun.  At prices then I saved over $10K, but given the prices rising, I would lean more toward $30K.  I saved over a year of time. :)

Thanks rational brain for letting me quit smoking. You're the best.
That takes dedication. Congrats!
I thought I was doing good going 2 weeks... Do they have an app like this for alcoholics?
At this point I only have a craving to smoke maybe once every 6 months. When I was where you were I would think about it like every other day. Stay strong!
practice makes perfect
It gets easier. Instead of craving a cigarette, it's more like a light desire to smoke one that easy to dismiss. 
Better pick up smoking so you can quit and save money. 
money never wasted killing yourself: ton
MyFitnessPal?
[Chains](https://chains.cc/) for building up a sustained habit (e.g. daily exercise)
The app is called quit now

As someone born with no arms or legs, leaving the bed every morning is a truly difficult task. Fortunately I have mastered the art of rocking side to side until I fall off (onto a carefully-placed pillow) and can begin my morning roll to work.
What if you don't have any dreams?

Edit: actual question though...
Keep water by your bed. Drink it and you'll have energy. You're usually just dehydrated. 
The first one... 
Why would chase something I'm already sleeping with?
good, I like this.
If I may inquire, what causes your struggle?I only ask because I have CFS and run into this often. 
I would love to have a poster of this in front of my bed
Everytime I want to sleep "5 more minutes" I remember this and I'm up and running.
Technically, everyone has dreams, it's just whether or not you remember them in the morning.
I meant "aspirations", not "nightly hallucinations".

Zach Braff genuinely seems like a good guy, and that makes me happy because I'm such a big Scrubs fan. 
Damn, I think Zach Braff could possibly be one of the very few celebrities I look up to.  I would love to grab a beer with that guy.
How did zach hear about it? What was his dream job?
I wish Zach had some sort of crisis hotline.  I'd call the fuck out of it.
and he does it at 4:20... downer
I think you mean Appletini.
My brother tweeted Zach that he had been rejected and asked to be cheered up. Zach saw this and replied. 

The job he was rejected from was to be a camp counselor at the camp we've both been going to since we were little kids. It holds such a special place in both of our hearts, and he's been waiting his whole life to be old enough to be a counselor. 
He actually said in a recent AMA he doesn't drink Appletini's. 
Well I hope, if it's his dream job, that it's not the end of the line for his possibilities there. If so, zach is right...fuck em! I've been turned down many jobs or opportunities and it's only led to something better down the line. 

NOW GOD DAMN IT!!!

...because I was hungry after oversleeping?
What shirt is that
Did you go fucking ham on those eggs benny or what?
I wish I had more info, but it says Adidas Prime, it's solid black with a glossy logo on the sleeve and is more stretchy than regular cotton. Definitely more of a lululemon type feel. 
:( darn wish u could get the specifics 
I might have to get it . Seems like a pretty nice shirt
I think this is it. I bought mine at Sport Chek in Canada

http://m.adidas.ca/en/mens-freelift-prime-tee/BK6096.html
Super comfortable. It says it's a training shirt but looks like a regular black tee so works for in or out of the gym. I found the tag while cleaning this morning (I literally just got the shirt) and it's called the Adidas Freelift Prime. The link I have in another comment is definitely the right one 
Thank you. I'll most likely end up getting one. I like small subtle motivation.

It would've been nice to see some spots in the last frame that weren't the same to imply that we're never really done growing.
Thank you.
I honestly love this.
yep, deep down you know what's best.


Wow this hit me hard...
I misread this to say "Never Get Up". 
Yes and that suit tie doesn't imply together either

Capitalism in midst of ruins
Judging from that banana box I am pretty sure he picked those up from a Costco.
Is he selling or giving fruit away?
[Also the song cover to this good vibes jam.](https://open.spotify.com/track/1jLi3qBm7GbTiHx3trcTQk)
Literally a repost from a week ago from an article published years ago. 
That looks like better fruit than what I get at my grocery store in the states.
Is this picture from Aleppo?
"Once my cabbages. Now our cabbages."
r/im14andthisisdeep
Hey, no one can turn down great prices.
r/iamverysmart

This is awesome. What a great reminder that some of the best days of our lives haven't happened yet.
I really love this.  Thanks for sharing. 
post this to /r/frission. Seems like an awesome dude, and I like his music.
[deleted]
I wish I would write something inspiring to my 5 year old self... :( 
Nice. Inspiring, and hopeful. Thanks for posting! 
This gave me goosebumps. This is amazing 
hoboken nj?
In pretty sure he was talking about WTT this picture is pretty old 
The point is to GO fucking do what you do so in 5 years you will be fucking awesome
Thats me!
So I still have 5 years to be awesome???  ;) 
Mamoun's! killer falafel spot.
That's the spirit! Always find the negative!
Ya, I tend to be good at that at times, LoL.  ;)
Now go spread it all over a motivational subreddit!
LoL, wow, you've really given me good laughs today. thanks for that! One of the few times I've actually laughed out loud.  Interestingly I am subbed to several motivational subreddits. ;) 

He also lived in Jamie foxx's house for quite a while before he made it big. 
Shout-out to Preston 🗣️

Probably thought he had hit rock bottom being in that shit hole

This is good except for the simplistic solution.  Sometimes you can't just "put down" your problems.
This is also a great lesson on mindfulness. Thank you.
That was really good. Thanks. The water would eventually evaporate. But then you'd be dead.
Thank you for posting this. I needed it.
I like this post , but most times it's easier said then done.
You guys shouldn't be pessimistic, this just made me realize a lot.
yeah, i should forget about the miserable quiz last week.

....damn i'm reminded.
Nice! Or take a Psychedelic and drink/pour out the dirty water :)

If this motivates you, then that's great, and you should use it for your benefit, and just ignore the rest of what I'm going to say.

Unfortunately, what is written there is rather inaccurate. Many animals know exactly what time of year it is, as it guides their preparation for food storage, mating, migration, etc. Some animals use the phases of the moon to guide them to do specific things, and obviously almost every animal can tell what time of day it is, via the sun and other clues, and it can greatly affect their behaviors. Animals are just really good at **time management** so it seems like they're never late or don't care.
How do bears know when to hibernate? Why does my dog sleep when the sun is down and run around when the sun is up? Do tidal creatures prepare for the next low tide?
What book is that from?
Do you think a clock is aware of the time it keeps?
If thinking about time running out doesn't get you motivated and thinking that time is irrelevant does, I found your motivation problem. 
To add on to your statement, keeping track of time allows us to do a lot more things than other species. Your car wouldn't work without proper timing, nor your cell phone, or other electronic devices. 
I must admit this was sent to me by a close friend, but anyway the book is The Time Keeper by Mitch Albom
I believe it is Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill.
GREAT book. changed my life
Truth.

Wow I really like this one... I'm going to have to put this on my wall
And rock be all like "damn water, yous persistant!"

Well damn. Good point.
Wow...that's savage.
Lol ever looked at Richard Branson's Instagram?
I work for a major global franchise. Our ridiculously successful founder and CEO sends moving and motivational emails on occasion often filled with - you guessed it - motivational quotes. 
What's wrong with motivational quotes?
This is just 100% not true. 
Yea they do 
I had a good laugh out of this one hahahaha~! Made my day lol.
Trolling 101
Terry Crews is a goddamned *FOUNTAIN* of motivation. 
Gary vee too and lots of others hhh
A boss sending out motivational emails is much different than your friend posting on Facebook. 
Some (like myself, as little as 12 months ago) regard them with heavy cynicism due to the fact that they trigger accomplishment-feelgoods in some people's brains without them actually achieving anything, reinforcing a culture of people lying to themselves.

I still feel that's true to a small degree (as I see it nearly every day), but of course it only applies to some people, not everyone. Many(most?) people use it a booster to help them accomplish things they had already set out to accomplish.
Well.. they obviously need no motivational quotes to do good. 
I can see that they might be reinforcing a culture of people lying to themselves, but if lying to themselves helps them get better is it worth?
How about motivating their employees to be more productive? 
It would only *be* a lie if they were not using it for self-empowerment; it's possible to feel motivated by these every day and never follow through, making the quote-reading an entirely masterbatorial process. 
Sorry. I completely misread your comment. You are absolutely right. 


He is actually a really nice guy. 
I would've hoped for something like "THIS LASAGNA IS SO RAW THE G ISN'T EVEN SILENT ANYMORE" but I guess she was happy with it
Did she like take one of his lasagnas and repost it

You'd love Jens Voigt, the professional cyclist from Germany. He has "Shut Up Legs" painted on his bike:

http://www.roadcycling.co.nz/GearTalk/shut-up-legs-paint-scheme-for-jens-voigt.html


I usually just tell myself " it's only my legs". I like this much better!
Pain is temporary. 
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:

#***My thoughts while running recently***  

>***Post Title:***  *My thoughts while running recently* 

>***Top:***  *MY LEGS ARE TIRED* 

>***Bottom:***  *BUT MY LEGS CAN GO FUCK THEMSELVES* 



[Original Link^1](http://imgur.com/vLHx82F) | [Meme Template^2](http://imgur.com/memegen/create/vLHx82F)

Great motivation!

What's this from?
Sounds like Mark Manson 
The subtle art! 

motivated, gonna go lift

EDIT: I'm back, AND I just picked weeds for 6 hours, that hit me harder than I thought
This is awesome
thank you for this
Someone please explain the sexuality one, it's completely lost on me. Is it about heteronormativity or something?
Successful post
great job love the artwork!
I love this! I'm definitely saving it. Thanks
Thanks. 
I like you! But show me a red panda that isn't sexy and that I don't like. Just try it.
It's saying that sexuality is fluid. You are not either gay or straight, but somewhere on the spectrum between being totally attracted to the same gender or totally attracted to the opposite gender.
Oh I get it now, thanks!
not only about gender but about comfort level, how casual one is, what they like or dislike, what is taboo.  theres 7+ billion people on this earth and 7+ billion mentalities on sexuality.  

is the 4 weeks bit true?
It's been almost 6 months for me. Try exercises that are timed, it is an added pressure. Find a work out partner, its more added pressure. If you don't like running, try the explosive something something workout, like P90X. I use the men's health book exercise section thats very similar. It's not boring because it is not straight weight lifting and I don't have the fucking monotony of running. Finally, get mad. Get mad at yourself. Get mad at other people who are not fit. Use that anger to fuel you. Watch some rugby players do their Haka. Get into it. Don't be afraid to make some noise when you are lifting weights. 
Lol, I've been trying to quit smoking pot and I read this at just the wrong time. I'm baked and not quitting for 12 weeks sounds quite nice. 


I'm a little late then. Graduation is May 4th...
Yoga and a kettlebell will get the job done though.
It only takes 1 week to stop giving a fuck...
It took one week for me,for all three, I guess my genetics are superior.
go find out

I have stuck with my exercise regime for around 2.5 months now; pushups 24-7. Whenever I have the thought I do a set of pushups, finger-tip, knuckle, clappers, incline on the edge of the bathtub after taking a dump, doesn't matter, anywhere anytime. Developed this strategy after reading how Tom Hardy got in shape to play Bronson.

Been slowly adding in swimming  to my routine but I'm still recovering from a hyper-extended back, and I don't run since I've had shin splints for over six months, so not too good in the way of cardio.
More like a couple of hours of pain xD.

Love this statement.
Nice. Take good care of your back. My weak spots are my knees unfortunately.
the first step is the hardest
Man when I run on a treadmill for 30 mins I'm done for at least a few months lol
reading all of the text in this picture is the hardest...
Dont go to heavy your first couple of times. People that go sporadicly often injur themselves.
This is also true. 

It's really awesome to see something like this on here. Some people have a very narrow idea of self-improvement. This message is about motivating us to be more compassionate, to be better people. Not only does this help the community as a whole, this type of growth expands your sense of self and raises your consciousness.

Also, it's inspiring to remember that there are stories and people like this in the world.
I don't care what the other twats here think, this is awesome. I'm sharing it with some friends.

Motivation is different for every person. Last summer, I needed a friend to call me and tell me to get the fuck up or I would just stay in bed all day. Depression is a fickle mistress.
Why the fuck is this on /r/motivation 

It's the opposite of me, with the exception of 1.
Because everyone knows the best way for clinical depression to go away is to pretend like someone doesn't have it.
This isn't motivational and you really shouldn't post things with JPEG artifacts since they're such a disgusting eyesore.
Now I'm so depressed.
Too bad no one fucking does this for depressed people. It's always "who wants to invite XXXX they are such a debby downer."
Yes, love this. You sir are the type of person who will help make a better world :)
Not pretend like someone doesn't have it, but not be a dick about it and help them get through it.
Depends on the type of friends you hang around with.
Unfortunately I am not blessed with good friends. I have been trying to make new ones, and my buddy with depression deserves better as well. He is my best bud though and I'll stick with him no matter what. 
I feel you 100%. I too have a friend who suffers from severe depression. He is an awesome kid, and I love him to death. He's one of my best friends and I would never let anything bad happen to him. He does do drugs occasionally, which I don't mind weed.. but he does do some harder stuff which I do wish he stopped.. but with all the pills the doctors nowadays give him, he feels like not taking them and doing the drugs are a better option for him..
"So there I was.  Sitting on the shitter.  And I realized.  Shit.  I've been done with my business for sometime now.  I'm just too gangster to get up.  And then you realize you had to add that last part to your message to your buddy describing the event because you forgot the hilarious thing you were actually gonna say.  Even though the gangster line you had to add actually did happen.  And you have to clarify just to make sure he doesn't think you're lying because you aren't.  Damn it feels good to be a gangster.  My thumbs are moving so fucking fast I never even want to stop texting, I just want to keep watching them and watching them as they jump from place to place at seemingly random urges when in fact highly sophisticated neural messages are traveling form the brain to the hands as the words are thought.  In real time.  As they are fucking created within the meat inside the skull.  Shit moves that quickly.  That fast.  People don't believe when they wake up in the morning that they really can do anything they set their minds to .  Fuck them.  Because look at this.  These things you see.  These characters strung together are literally created in halves of milliseconds before the correct symbols are mashed by the thumbs.  Humans love superheroes but no one, fucking nobody, wraps their mind around the fact that we are all superheroes, we hold a lump of meat within a hard shell that can create.  Create works of art, songs, weapons of mass destruction.  All that holds us back is the innate human desire not to believe.  To not believe in God, in peace, in war, in themselves.  The abstract mind is the greatest superpower ever possible.  And we all have it.  But we don't all use it."
This shit is deep.
This is not the work of alcohol. I suspect THC or Psilocybin, also very potentially cocaine or some other upper...adderall. 
At first I thought this was going to be silly but as I kept reading it was really inspirational. It makes a lot of sense. It's just not generally how we look at life. Wow.
I never wanted this shit to end
Damn. Get your friend drunk more often. 
I like to think of people who believe in God are actually just believing in themselves but define it as God without realising it. You pray to God but you're actually praying to yourself, making it clear in your own mind what you really want which in turn makes you subconsciously decide to make it happen yourself or just makes it clear to you. Although I do not believe in God I respect people who do. I believe God is powerful only in the way that we ourselves are and I chose to believe in myself.
I'd like to drink with your buddy
And then, he puked.
I like this and I want to believe but I feel incapable of producing anything worthwhile. Even being able to express myself or anything. I can sit there for hours trying to come up with the simplest  idea or thought and its all nonsense and crap. Maybe my comment  should be in r/depression or maybe I just need to read more to expand my thoughts. 
Alcohol doesn't make philosophers. Alcohol make assholes.

Thanks for the post.
greatness is not a destiny granted to a few, but a decision available to anyone.
that's a really long text
damn.
I'd like to second this.

It worked for batman
I actually really like- and relate- to this. I've been self employed for three years and have almost completely put to one side keeping on top of friendships and social responsibilities. And it's working.
Load of shit
absolutely true. cant worry about anyone other than yourself
Would you say the benefits your career gets outweighs any time spent on  relationships?
The age old question, to which I don't know if there is an answer. I ask this often of my self. 
My priority is my five year old daughter and about 95% of the things that I do + 100% of the things that I don't do are with her and her future in mind so missing out on social stuff becomes less of a biggy with that in mind 
Message me when you find out. Lol

Other networks seem to have just lost there minds. All they want it NCIS cooking edition or the news every 30 mins. 
Thought this was fake.  Stranger things went to Netflix first and stayed with them.
They think most watched show = best, and because anyone can access shit like two and a half men they get all the viewers 
Makes you wonder what other amazing shows we've missed out on because of stupid network decisions.
their* minds. 😣
No, they did a Rolling Stone interview with the brothers. Check the source there. 
Ur fake
MORE FIREFLY
Yes!

As an Engineering student, I printed this out and put it on my wall. Woke up to this everyday! 
I have detected that this image may have been posted up to **5 times before**.

Original Title|Subreddit|Link|Time|Similarity
:-----:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
Motivation from start to finish|/r/GetMotivated|^https://redd.it/1e7kvo|3 years ago|100.0%
Life advice by astronaut and redditor Col. Chris Hadfield|/r/GetMotivated|^https://redd.it/19ohax|3 years ago|100.0%
Life advice by astronaut and redditor Col. Chris Hadfield|/r/pics|^https://redd.it/19ny9r|3 years ago|100.0%
In the words of astronaut Chris Hadfield: "Don't let life randomly kick you into the adult you don't want to become."|/r/space|^https://redd.it/19nypy|3 years ago|99.63%
A little motivation for you|/r/GetMotivated|^https://redd.it/1r7j2r|3 years ago|98.7%

^(I'm an experimental bot. I use KarmaDecay to evaluate posts. Please comment if you see a bug or a mistake.)

'Apply constant pressure, it will break before you do.'

Damn thats a good one.
For the lazy - 

prattprattprattIt's 3:20am. 

I got picked up for work at 6:45am yesterday. I'm not good with math, especially after being up for approximately 61 hours but I think I've been up for over 77 hours. I did a table read for Guardians of the Galaxy 2 this morning and then shot all day on Passengers and just now wrapped some 144 hours later. Weirdly both films, which iI'l be shooting back to back, are being shot in Atlanta at Pinewood studios. We have the best crew. Total rock stars busting their asses. And the stuff we're shooting. My God. I can't wait for you to see it. I go back in in about 8 hours to do more. 

I am doing what I love. It doesn't feel like work. Even though it is. I'm having fun. I'm overcome with joy and gratitude. I felt like posting this to say to anyone out there chasing your dream... Fifteen years ago I felt the same passion I feel today, but I had very little opportunity. I had to hustle hard and go hungry. I had to eat sardines and figure out how to get gas money. And I never had a plan B. I never stopped believing. Ever. Don't give up. Apply constant pressure for as long as it takes. It will break before you do. Go get it.
What's that word that means something along the lines of -- it's irrelevant what successful say and preach because they're wealthy, good looking, successful, etc. and it doesn't apply to my life. 


Not saying it applies to this, but just curious. 
Deep. Bro,
[CATCH YOUR DREAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx5FmvwdC_w)
I pass that exit on my way to work :X 
**I had to hustle hard and go hungry. I had to eat sardines and figure out how to get gas money. And I never had a plan B. I never stopped believing. Ever. Don't give up. Apply constant pressure for as long as it takes. It will break before you do. Go get it.**





The tighter he got, the less he wore the Smurf shorts. In fact by the time he was ripped he never wore them at all. 
That's awesome, seems like the changes almost happened instantly about half way through the gig. I'm only two months into lifting, just the motivation I need to carry on!
does everyone automatically get tanner the better shape they're in? 

That's John Stone.  I followed the initial transformation and he was my inspiration to take fitness seriously after being overweight for years.

I haven't been to his site for years, but his blog was interesting as he talked about his mistakes and what worked during his transformation.

http://www.johnstonefitness.com/


TIL: 'Timelapse' is just a bunch of photos put together each time a certain measure of time completes one lap.  Time Laps.
fantastic 
I need to get a pair of those magic color-shifting, skin-tanning, body-ripping boxers.
Coincidence? No, science shows smurfs destroy gains.  [BROSCIENCE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORPY4HG5TOc)
Smurf? That looks like a blue m&ms!
Weird I noticed the same
Having a tan emphasises muscle, hence why a lot of people building muscle try and get tanned.
365 days so that means he definitely passed summer. My bet is he was in great shape come summer and therefore had more confidence when going to the beach or just going outside without a shirt. 

Who the fuck buys a dog from a stranger?
This is awesome!
I never knew about him selling the dog though, really interesting stuff!
They conveniently left out the part where he was so broke he did a porno.  

So you know what that means...  Sell your dog and get in the porn industry.
[Here](http://i.qkme.me/3stndu.jpg) is the full story.

Good for him! Couldn't fight worth crap!
oh wow! Yeah as a kid i remember feeling really sad and confused about the whole thing. I couldn't understand why my siblings and their friends were enjoying it at the time. Now I believe their motive was to be cool and tough some how.

Glad to see he is in a good place!
But those knuckles don't lie, bum fights for life.
this totally wasn't on the front page two days ago by the reposter named gallownoob.
As we live, we learn
didnt see it, saw it on facebook
feel like facebook is just full of reposts from reddit anyways, and then theres reddit reposts from 4chan, so I guess... we should all 4chan?

This one is great, thanks mate
A lot of these people grew up in the right time with the right opportunities. I'm sure they also worked very hard. But these are extremely successful people. 

Be careful what you compare yourself to.
Very business oriented. I'd like to see one for academia
Starting a business here. Found this quite inspiring.
This is great for people in their 20s-30s...a little less encouraging further out.
Anyone have a higher res image?
I know of one anecdote. [Paolo Nespoli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Nespoli) was in the Italian Army for a while, and mentioned to a friend that he always wanted to be an astronaut but thought he was too late in life to pursue it. A friend of his talked him into it, so he pursued a degree in engineering in the US. He didn't finish his bachelor's until he was 31.

If Paolo Nespoli became an astronaut by finishing his undergrad at 31, you can definitely get to wherever you want to be no matter how old you are.

Having a little date with a girl I've known since freshman year seven years ago never really hung out or went out with until today. We're gonna play some PT and Untile Dawn and I'm nervous as all hell but happy because a game like this makes you jump and scream, so hopefully any awkwardness will be filled with jumps and laughter. 

Inside I am literally the most nervous I've ever been, I've played in big football games and even stepped inside the cage for fights, and all that doesn't even equal to my first date. 

Edit for anyone reading. It went great :) 
but the answer is always no :c
seems legit. 
     -------
     chill 
     -------
                ^__^ 
        _______/(oo)
    /\/(       /(__)
       | W----|| |~|
       ||     || |~|  ~~
                 |~|  ~
                 |_| o
                 |#|/
                _+#+_
No! You fucking browser piece of...

I better not say anything
Why you gotta be so rude?
lmfao, put more effort bruh xD
Indeed. 
:)
Yayy! ☆ﾟ.*･｡ʕ♡˙ᴥ˙♡ʔ｡ﾟ*･☆ﾟ.

I dunno if I want this guy to be my motivational role model tho...
Naw but that quote is real
Of course, for him the 'bullshit story' was stuff like "that's illegal" or "the SEC will arrest me". Might have been a bit better had he listened. 
I want superpowers but those don't exist. How do I just achieve my goal?
Immediately had the same thoughts as others in this thread, this guy is not someone to look up to. It does not take a lot of motivation and hard work to defraud people. Its actually a terrible way to live your life and whilst the film was entertaining, that where glamourising this guy should stop. There is a reason they call it easy money... 
Snap





My dad once said: 'Take what is good for you, and discard the rest. Take the best everything and everyone has to offer' 
That's what they told Incredi-Boy too. Science bitch!

Like an Oscar? 
so very true
Yeah, cheat lie and steal, just like Jordan Belford 
Boom.

Even after you fail, keep trying.
Does anyone have a link to this image without the writing?
*Procrastination
Here you go, buddy.

http://i.imgur.com/NLIcTpm.jpg
Maybe but not necessarily. I do think this quote is overused here but it still has some merit.
What a guy!

Honestly, this is the perfect list of advice for people like me, in their young 20s, who find themselves in predicaments and have no idea how to get out of them.

Thanks a lot. This is awesome. 
"All adventures in life start by just showing up."

This is great -- sometimes I struggle to motivate myself to get up and out to things even though I never have a bad time. Thanks for sharing this.
Can someone explain what number 9 means?

> Never pinch pennies on brakes or tires
I fucked up on number 4 (in my 30s). Didn't travel while I could, now with a career I only get a few breaks a year.
I like the last one the most. I feel like it can be interpreted in many different ways. I wonder if the intent was literal at all. 

I found this list on [a pretty amazing site](http://dailyzenlist.com/).
It means that when you're doing work on your car, don't cheap out when fixing brakes or tires. These are the two key safety components and going substandard with their repair is not a good idea...
Not a bad list site on mobile..! 

My plan was to kill myself.

 I knew that actually dying would be amazingly detrimental to the well-being of those around me, so I opted for a second option; killing what I didn't like about myself. I wrote down each facet of myself that I hated, and then I wrote out ways to counter each one. With the plan in place, I began the difficult task of following through on the counters.

That was about a year ago. 

When I started, I stayed inside all the time just sleeping or playing video games and never really doing much else. I was unemployed, poor and becoming homeless was a real possibility. 

I'm more ambitious, slimmer and am employed in what I feel is the first actually good job I've had ever. My work isn't grand, but it helps my community and it will let me start a family/have kids once some things settle down. I also don't have to worry about being homeless now, so that's a really nice plus. 

Compared to last year, my family and my wife don't recognize me. I've almost fully killed that massively depressed and scared man who I was before, the man who was respected by nobody and who contributed nothing.

 Suicide, I've learned, can be a wonderful thing when done in a more mental and symbolic way rather than the physical way. What I thought was a desire for death was really the desire to end the things I hated within myself. I feel I am succeeding at that now and have no plans to stop.
Sorry to be critical, but is this kind of writing actually effective to anyone? Just get mad and profane yourself into doing something? Seems to just create more looming anxiety on self-expected results. Maybe it works for someone, but not me. Trying to convince myself I'm such a Mr. Toughguy that I can taunt myself into getting something done, yet I must not be that convinced if I have to write this sort of thing down at me.
Step 1) make a plan

Step 2) build a guillotine

Step 3) execute plan

Step 4) ???
Fascinating perspective, glad things worked out for you.
Not every solution is effective for every person, but for those of us who it does work for, it works really well. One of the best things I've ever done was buy a calendar and hang it on my bedroom door. I write on it every date where bills are due and how much. My parents never taught me good money managing, and for a while I was really shitty with my money. I'd always "forget" when things were due, sometimes on purpose, sometimes I'd actually forget. Writing it down makes it tangible, makes it real. It's not just a date in the back of my head, buried underneath an informational overload of my day to day interactions. 
I bought a whiteboard and stuck it on my fridge. I've written down my long term purchase goals and it's really helped keep me focused on what's really important in the long term, nearly eliminating non essential impulse buys. 
TL;DR: it's a fantastic tool for some, but not all, and it's great if you don't need it, but it's also great to do if you do. 
Just take out the two profanities if that bugs you.   The point is take action and not just want it for ever.  
It's easy to mistake passion for rudeness.
Bury plan in shallow grave

This should be Rhianna's' motto!
While I like the sentiment in this image, nobody ever bothers to change the text to reflect the reality that winning a game in tennis is the equivalent to scoring a basket in basketball; ie, you can still do that and lose the match by miles.

The first to six games wins the set (with some provisos I can't be arsed to explain), matches are best of three or five sets.
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:

#***Good humoured Vitas***  

>***Post Title:***  *No one beats me 17 times in a row!* 

>***Top:***  *TENNIS PLAYER VITAS GERULAITIS LOST 16 TIMES IN A  ROW TO JIMMY CONNORS. HE THEN WON A GAME AND SAID.* 

>***Bottom:***  *"AND LET THAT BE A LESSON TO  YOU ALL. NOBODY BEATS VITAS GERULAITIS 17 TIMES IN A ROW."* 



[Original Link^1](http://imgur.com/S1tE3oD) | [Meme Template^2](http://imgur.com/memegen/create/S1tE3oD)
brave
Did he win the whole match or just a game?
Well, you'd imagine the match. I think its just been written by someone who doesn't understand tennis terminology.

This is hilarious
Awful
I swap Shark out for Trex and all of a sudden, my life makes sense.
I want #beMoreShark to start trending
I feel motivated.
"Up early". Fun fact: sharks don't sleep 
Eh. I liked it
hi. i love you. bye. 
Don't be a deck, man.

http://www.trex.com
I just learned this yesterday! Nuts! 
Now I feel bad
Names checks out..... ehhhhhhhh? 

False.

You can get too old to be able to get the most worth and value and experience out of what you wanted. Time is fleeting, as is your youth.


Saw this post once before, and ill make the same addition to this as the top comment did then. ...until idols become your peers *
truly great.
Peers if you're more passive

Rivals if you're more competitive


What diet plan and workout plan did you do?
Wow! That's inspiring!
You all sexy af now dog. 
So awesome what a year can do, nice work 👏
How tall are you?
What app is that?
Hot!
Heigh?
iChanged

Less pooping then... 
Anti-phone stuff is very /r/lewronggeneration IMO
I respectfully disagree, phones are massive time sinks for many people - time that could and should be spent doing the things that make you forget to check your phone.

What if ya name's like John Smith or something 
This quote has been butchered for a while. Here is what I could find as its original source. 

"Some day soon, perhaps in forty years, there will be no one alive who has ever known me. That's when I will be truly dead - when I exist in no one's memory. I thought a lot about how someone very old is the last living individual to have known some person or cluster of people. When that person dies, the whole cluster dies,too, vanishes from the living memory. I wonder who that person will be for me. Whose death will make me truly dead?” ― Irvin D. Yalom
I'm pretty sure Banksy did not say this. 
Banksy must have read David Eagleman: *There are three deaths. The first is when the body ceases to function. The second is when the body is consigned to the grave. The third is that moment, sometime in the future, when your name is spoken for the last time.*


― David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives

edit: [source](http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/2883386.David_Eagleman)
Deepest thing I've seen all day.
best comment I've seen all day
A name is just a place holder for someone's identity 
Powerful shit. Thanks for finding that. I like this version better. 
He probably has said it at some time, but I'm sure someone else said it first.

Nope!!...Don't love anyone
:p

I <3 suits. Reason i have several now.

seems like hte type of guy i'd like.

Dude. This is just what I needed right now. It's been a rough week, and I'm facing a lot of new things. Bad things. But I know it'll all come together soon, and things will be good again.
If you build it they will come 
That's deep man.
You were either dreaming of giving a very inspiring speech, or you were having a very intense sex dream.

Either way, it fits marvelously.
I'm glad it helped. Hang in there.

Source? I feel like any and every quote about intelligence gets attributed to him. 
And every philosophical quote to Socrates.

With Socrates it's harder since there isn't an exhaustive set of his works that one can refer to; most of what we know of Socrates is through accounts by Plato, and a few other people who lived during his time.

In case anyone is interested, you can find more motivational quotes at our Instagram page: 
https://www.instagram.com/grwthr/
Great way to start my day! Thanks!
You're more than welcome!

][Excuse me sir,  you seemed to have dropped this...] (http://d3imyo1kk0rcam.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/f2e1530f2c737114ce5ad5ee5426c6d2.jpg) 
By the way ladies, what's left of me is single!

;)
Sweet bloody Christ buddy.  May your 2015 be a healthy one 
What caused all of the blockages? And when were you shot? 
You know the recent "make your own RPG party" thing on IGN? Yeah, this dude would lead mine.
What was the grand total cost of all those surgeries?
My lord... Your one tough mofo for going through and hanging in through all of them. 
You should take a pic posing as the meme, "Overly Manly Man". 
Damm man
:)
Holy shit, dude, you fuckin rock. Keep on doing whatever you're doing, eating glass and nails for breakfast I assume! 
now *that's* funny!
Thank you. I'm looking forward to less drama.lol
The heart issues were a result of the radiation treatments.
(42 rds. High-Dose)


In addition to the 'mechanical' parts, at one point lost pulse for 3 minutes. Two shots of Defibrillator at 200 Joules cranked me back up again.

I was told at the time this could happen, but the choice was treat the cancer and live, or I had 6 months left.

Been doing pretty good to fix things as they break, but it does get old...and expensive.

Apparently, hearts don't like radiation. gee...

I'm pretty much 'ok' now though...

--

I got shot in 2005. 

.357
Why all the blockages?

I have government-run arteries.

:D
Oh jeez...you know, until you asked me this, I never really thought about it.

I think if I counted *all* medical stuff, easily close to a Million if not more...

Damn, no wonder my credit score sucks...


I don't think it's tough...it's just something you gotta deal with.

Really, I don't think about it all that much, guess I'm used to it.
"When he goes to the Doctor, the Doctor asks *him* for advice."


I like it! :D
That's funny. :)

I'll hold on the nails...give me an upset stomach. lol
Keep on truckin man! 
Badumm tsss
thanks dude.

Why should I want to derail a train? 
Sauce?
Duh. To protect your herd.
Here you go mate 

http://www.retronaut.com/2012/11/commemorative-sign-for-a-fearless-elephant-telok-anson-perak-malaysia/
oohhhhh SOURCE. *chuckles to himself*
Thanks; that's one badass elephant.

Damn, real talk right there.
I approve of this.

Sure feels like it.
It kind of does if that someone is an employer.
Heard this in a poem by Boona Mohamed. 
Or a wife.

Too bad it was word porn at the bottom 
true words



"I train to fight so I never have to."
Unless of course, you fuck with my plants, and then you're fertilizer.  

Teared up. Thanks for this post. It really helped me.
This kind of shit isn't in the movie.
Thank you for sharing this.
Alright, so totally at work right now. I shouldn't have read this I'm now all choked up.
literally cried 
...damnit, fucking onions in the comics man.
zzzzz 
Anyone know what issue this is ? 
Really good
Another repost.  This comic has saved so many people's lives in the past 12 hours.  All for up votes. Sad existence. 
"This comic got a shit ton of upvotes yesterday, hopefully I get as much internet points today as the other person"

Or maybe it actually has and you shouldn't be so condescending. 
[removed]
You first, bye bye

I feel anxiety can change the future, because like what if you made a stupid choice due to your anxiety at that moment? Compared to if you made the decision in a cool state of mind. Just sayin'
Anxiety can stop you from taking *action* and therefore can change your future.

I don't know who this Christopher Gutierrez guy is, or if I should know him, but this post couldn't come at a better time for me. 

Cheers!
[deleted]
This is brilliant.
I relate to this a lot. 
Preach it.
dig y'all
I'm 15, and I all I want to do is to get better and better. Be a better actor, friend, student, son, brother etc
Spooky
Fuck this brought tears to my eyes. 
He is the person he hates and he has no fucking idea. Talking about passive aggressiveness on fb then ranting in this at some other form of imaginary person who is supposedly looking to put him down.
Its not a problem. It's a fucking challenge! ARE YOU READY TO DO THIS SHIT!?!?


The problem is that we often live other peoples successes.
Hey, congrats! You successfully submitted a post to this subreddit!
I like this but I feel like this leaves a LOT of wiggle room for someone to slack up on their goals. 

so many unnecessary fuckings
Where can I buy this fucking poster?
Well Fuck, this fucking sign uses fuck so many unnecessary fucking itmes that its fucking ridiculous. The fucking message is fucking lost on the fucking audience. Fuck.
don't say fucking so fucking often.
I'm sure using fuck so excessively works for some people, but not everyone. There are much better ways to motivate someone than screaming fuck in their face over and over. 
This fucking worked.
Well Fuck...

And here the internet has me thinking that giving Zero Fucks was the answer.
Fuck yeah!

"And he liked to say the 'F word' a lot. "F this" and "F that". And everytime he said the 'F word' people, for some reason, well, they cheered."
Fucking fucking fucking.
That was way to much fun to read ha ha!
Use spell check came out of nowhere
Fuck yea!!
That's a lot of fucking. 
They were necessary... Now shut your fucking mouth.
Fuck keeps people reading. 
http://gfda.myshopify.com/collections/prints
Im about to make one myself... 
And fucking is nice.
I appreciate you finding this. Thanks.
[Fucking is nice for sure.](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fucking,_Austria,_street_sign_cropped.jpg)


well yes and no. it helps to have a boss who's opinion of you is very high, so you can keep that job and keep paying bills.
Or you can just fuck off! 

Congratulations! How long did it take you to reach your goal?
Good fucking job man!
Congratulations! Any tips for someone starting out?
Go on with your bad self !
I get so happy when I see posts like these! 

Great job, keep up the work and never let yourself become unmotivated! 
awesome job man 👍🏼, im about half way through my weight loss journey. i hit a bump but im starting to get back to it
Well I started losing the weight in 2011 and it took about 18 months to two years to lose the majority of it but that I fine tuned my diet and I starting to teach myself how to properly workout (I know it sounds silly but I truly didn't know). I've been in the 160s for just over a year now :)
Just stick to it! It takes a long time to see significant change, just because you're working very hard and don't see much of an improvement doesn't mean you're not losing the weight. Just stay focused. Also, it's not a temporary change, it's a life change. I know many people who have lost some weight and once the reached their goal they went back to the same ole routines. You c ant do that, once you get it off, keep it off :) and thirdly, it's ok to have cheat days because if you don't you'll go crazy!
Thank you Sir/Ms! And I do try not to! Some days are a struggle but I just always keep in mind that I do this for me. Once I decided that everything became "easier".

https://i.imgur.com/sg017lt.gif
I'm not even gonna say it.

^^^fucking ^^^comic ^^^sans
Is your families motto "Winter is coming"?
That boys name?
Albert
I don't know, tell that to baseball fans in Arizona.
I thought it went well with a 9 year old's thoughts.
Could somebody explain the hate to me?
Quinn
Comic sans 

And that class, is how natural selection works. Any questions?
That was more suspenseful than a lot of movies I've seen this year. 
11 attempts.
I popped when he eventually got up
11th time is a charm
Next lesson... Dodging falcons. 

I survived it all this way just say I can eat my way into depression and obesity and over-consumption of media.
Really?
"you're not dead" is a pretty low bar

Henry has a way to inspire that amazes me. 

If you have the time, listen to a podcast he did with a friend (?) Heidi. The man knows how to tell stories!
Oh he's great.  And surely an inspiration.

But, that mentality isn't motivational, it's unhealthy.  Borderline depressing.  

Also, this is misleading (though he says it) - Henry has stated he  likes to come home and lay back and enjoy Vinyls on his super expensive system...not do work - just listen (and sometimes write).  That's called down time/spare time/free time - and that's how he likes to spend it.  Sooo....

I'm not saying he doesn't believe that quote...but it's, quite frankly, disingenuous (in good spirit).  


Inspirational words. Even in my "free time" these days, I try to fight the activities that are just huge wastes of time and choose much smarter ones. It's difficult, but it's a battle certainly worth choosing.


anyone know the artist? OP should have linked it if possible since it's unlabeled...or is it not credited anywhere? I tried reverse image searching and found a different reddit thread where someone asked who the artist was and they didn't get an answer either
That looks like meesme for Rick and Morty.
Meseeks*
Look at meeee!!

Kids a champ. I'm rooting for him.
I really miss Wonder Showzen.
This isn't motivation. It'd do better on /r/funny.
Satan himself.
Frank Castle, aged 7
Is there no respect left for christianity and religion in general?
Who says its a christian god? Thats very typical of religious people to assume that you're the one who has to be offended.

Maybe he just doesn't like Ra

I'm gonna miss the fuck out of this show when it ends.
guess what, hank still an ass after hearing this
Ha. I just watched the episode for the first time. 

[deleted]
how is this motivational?
this is what I thought about it too. "Life is hard for you? Well, even stupid people are doing fine- whats wrong with you?"
Kind of motivates me a little bit. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sometimes a bit of humour & a bit of a laugh is all the motivation you need in life. Don't worry & think about every little thing, forget about things & just laugh, for a few minutes. :)
but the circumstances are different. why should anyone compare them self to someone who may be stupid and has different problems?
nothing is wrong with you... what i posted is basically what this post is saying. See how it is in quotes above?  

The funny part is i rephrased the quote and you got mad at me because its mean and it sucks. Well guess what, I think this post is de-motivational, and I would say that you don't like it much either.
youre so mad, i wasn't even referring to you. I was agreeing with you.  try some reading comprehension.
Because fuck it and start doing shit that makes your life better.

I wonder who took this photo. 
Probably his last photo. rest in tiger.

This quote is more than about sit ups. It's actually about everything you try to do. When things are going well that's not where it matters. Its when the going gets tough and you really have to try and struggle is when it really matters and that's the time when you really want to pay attention to. 
Shit just got real. Thanks for that quote!
I don't know about this.  You lose the perspective of how much progress you've made.
That's a really useful quote. I, for one, never count situps or any form of exercise for that matter. I just stop when I'm completely exhausted, then I rest and start all over again. It has never done any harm, people should try it instead of relying on a numerical form of counting. Though, I don't discourage the idea that you should always do more the next time than the previous in regards to numbers of sets and reps in the given exercise which is of course is facilitated by counting. 
That's a great way to exercise. Unfortunately, my back has been injured for a year now so I havent had the chance to try it out, but I'm looking forward to it!

Did you goto UCF my anthropology professor said this too

New phone wallpaper. I love this!

I dislike the 'everyone's a genius' bit though. It's pretty damn rare to be a genius. Hard work and experience count for much more.
But if one half way intelligent human can climb the same tree what do you think he feels about others who say "I can't do it because I am just a fucken fish". If we keep lowering the bars / moving the goal posts we just enable people to cop out. Sums up my school life, in hindsight it is amazing that I got out of that shithole town.
This can apply to Obama care rates also
I can't imagine that seal is good at anything. Or the penguin. 
I agree with you to a point, anyone can be good at anything with hard work and dedication. But school is suppose to be a starting point for a lot of children, but how can they start when the school system tells them that they are stupid?

For example I remember reading somewhere that the women who started Cats the musical was originally thought to have some sort of mental disorder like ADHD because she couldn't sit and study in class. Supposedly the story goes that the mother took her to see a doctor, this doctor thought about it and left his radio on, then took the mother and waked out of the room. A few minuets later they peeked in and the daughter was dancing to the music. 

The idea is that genius lie's in all of us not neccesarily the Einstein way but the school system is so flawed that if your basically not good at math or sciences your not smart. A person who has done amazing research into this is Ken Robinson plus his talks are pretty good in my opinion

http://www.ted.com/talks/ken_robinson_says_schools_kill_creativity.html

He has a few others and I would recommend them.

This one is a good one as well 

http://www.ted.com/talks/ken_robinson_changing_education_paradigms.html
Yeah, /u/AerialAces has really nailed it.

I guess that the point to be taken from the picture is that most of us are really born which some innate passion/skill. The point of the education system is to really bring it out of you and to have you chasing it regardless of how stupid it may be.

Once you've got the passion and the obsession for the skill that you're interested in, hardwork and experience would only make you greater.
Idk, maybe swimming
Shut up
Man, this sub can motivate you to do anything. I feel motivated to stop talking. Thanks
Tell me more. 
You got it, here's more.  Did you know, in the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
I'm getting tired just thinking about it. In fact, why don't I sit down? I'm sure I've already done 2 laps already. Time for a break.

I am pretty sure that guy was a redditor who posted this pic 2 year ago.
Would like to get some background story. 
Congrats to the person who accomplished their goal in this picture. 
Foreal. Work hard AND take showers.
it was hard finding info on this because google results kept bringing up the caption associated with this pict, but it turns out that the farmers wife had died shortly after giving birth to his son. Following that, the dad had to sell all of his belongings and worked very hard everyday to support his son. The son graduated from Ratchpatr University in Chiang Rai, and i believe it took place in Nan province, Thailand.
[deleted]
Really, it looks like there's two people who accomplished their goals in this picture.
Thank you, while pictures are motivating knowing context makes a larger impact on me.
Where was this? How did he get to school? If he has money for the clothes why not get clothing for the dad? What did he end up studying? What is he doing now? Why does the dad look like he has a mental disability? If he does what is it? I really hate useless comments like yours that try to be witty when you instead look like an ass.

That's an impressive transformation! At first I was like this dude is fairly fit already. And at the end seeing the side by side the difference is crazy. 
Damn dude, your chest is bigger than mine! 😂😭 good job!
I've personally done this workout routine as well. Insane routine. I did it about a year ago. Like it did for you, totally kicked my ass. 

I plan to try it again in June. 

Hugh Jackman also motivated me to join the 1000 pound club. Not the yet but I'm getting closer and closer. 

Just curious, which meal plan did you follow? Don't think they had much detail of his diet. 
Great results! If you don't mind me asking, can I see the workout plan?
Whoa. He changed his posture and sucked up his gut.
Not saying he didn't make good progress, but most of those differences are due to posture and lighting.
Here's the workout plan I used: http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/mutant-strength-hugh-jackmans-wolverine-workout-week-1.html
There's an obvious improvement in his upper arms and torso though. 
Can you share your diet plan as well? 
Hi, the week 1 day 4 set, what does it mean to do 4 drop sets of 6+6 reps and 4 sets of 6+6+6 reps?
Solved: Never mind I found it 6 reps reduce incline 6 reps reduce incline 6 reps reduce incline 

Would be good if you could share the diet plan

Thanks, I'm gonna borrow this, if you don't mind.

Thank you.
/r/hownottogiveafuck 
Thanks, this one gives me new hope for my journey.
This world would be a whole better place if everyone thought like this.

Good grief looks like she spent some time with Chris Brown...
r/running has the video linked whenever someone posted this there. Not crying 'repost' but i thought you all would like to know the video is out there.
Wouldn't she have some sort of Adrenalin rush?
Link for the lazy?
As a competitive collegiate athlete. Yes. Chances are she didn't even feel it.
Ughh, can't find the r/running thread. Here is the video 

[FIXED VIDEO](http://www.flotrack.org/coverage/250-2008-Penn-Relays/video/13687-W-DMR-H01-Event-58) sorry

I am not sure what time she falls at, that is all i can do, i'm in my finance lecture at the moment. sorry

Edit 1: removed link
Edit 2: correct link
she falls at 1:44
I just watched the whole video and didn't see anyone fall. I was afraid that was going to happen...

Odds are against us right from the moment we are born. We are all fighters 💪
Is he wearing an Iron Man suit?
We could all learn this lesson. Nothing is going to change unless you take the risk to make it happen
... as long as you have the money to shrug it off. 
elon looks weird
Is he wearing Mark III armor? Lol

I crossposted this to a new subreddit I made. /r/harshmotivation
Fuck.
Can someone find me an HD version of this?

it's a mastapeece
white knights and SJW's in 3...2...1...
Lol
Sex is and always has been the greatest motivator of human kind. Harness that and there wont be anything you can't achieve.
Might be motivational, but this is childish and I'm not referring to the drawing. 
O may good, so porfound.

This may be ET's greatest line.
Dat hippy hoppy preacher tho
Eric Thomas is awesome. He posts videos on YouTube if you're interested in more motivational content from him.
100% agree
I first heard this speech on a song. Eric Thomas is the real deal. His book is great also!

Its alot easier when you have the experience share
Or just put him in front, switch him out, and put your best effort forward.

/r/Im14andthisisdeep 
The smarm is strong with this one!
Sorry, the "life time" part got me.
No worries, I got that and upvoted you. :) Have freakin' awesome day!
You too!

Is that a purse? Where's it from!?!
I've gotten this one as well :) Helps to look at it while working. 
It's a wallet by Fossil. :)  I loooove my Fossil. I think they made bags with the same pattern but it's probably discontinued by now.
darnnnnn. Thanks though!

Why do I feel like that's off? Maybe that's closer to 15lbs. If every time I  lost "five pounds"  of fat like that; shit 20lbs later I'd be dead. 
I'm calling BS on this one
That's some good fat. Melt that down and throw it on some popcorn. Maybe butter a biscuit or two with it. Or maybe bake some potatoes and then melt a little of that on top with some bacon bits. 
Since nobody wants to post a link:

https://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=127615823

there's a coffee cup next to "1 lb of fat" and this looks around 5-7 coffee cups worth of fat. 

Fat is pretty loose so it seems plausible this is pretty close. keep in mind fat is stored around organs, joints, ab and back so to lose 5 lbs of it may not LOOK like much but it is. 
I call bullshit.
5lbs of fat is not that big. 
There is a big difference between losing 5lbs on the scale and losing 5lbs of adipose tissue (fat). When people diet they are shedding water weight and sacrificing muscle and some fat.  So this in fact is accurate read about proper diet for body composition of fat percentage rather then weight
JESUS LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THAT OMENTUM...

THATS WHAT SHE SAID
5kg maybe. Not 5lbs. 
So given the numbers I got off of google, human fat has a density of .9kg per liter. So 5 lbs of fat would be 2.26 kg, which would fit in about 2.5 liters. I would say that the picture is closer to 4 or 5 liters of material.
Yet if you Google it you see that same looking thing all over. It probably weighs 5 pounds but the actual size has to be bigger. I don't know, it just looks so off
Most of it's water weight, but the picture does seem very inaccurate
rotflol
[^(**Mouseover** or **click** to view the metric conversion for this comment)](http://fiddle.jshell.net/ConvertsToMetric/xhk4y5h5/show/light/?5%20lbs%20=%202.3%20kg%0A "5 lbs = 2.3 kg
Post feedback in /r/ToMetric")

My rebuttal to those who say "I don't have anyone to talk to" (since that's pretty much what I thought reading this) - Reddit has some great places to talk to people (even if it's not about how you feel - get on those IRC channels, those not so mainstream subs; talk, talk and talk some more)

Also I've heard really good things about this place; http://www.7cupsoftea.com/
This is beautiful.
Hahaha, I liked this one! xD
[deleted]
Who is "we"? 
Forever alone needs this
Maybe. I'm not in a place where my peers are open to helping me either; there will always be plenty of online communities and people you can call who will support you, even if it isn't as helpful as having a real-life connection.

It's hard, it really is, but the goal isn't to get better: it's to learn how to manage it better.

I always smile at bigger people I see working out or give them the power point. I think it's awesome when someone decides to get off their ass and get fit no matter how unhealthy they were before.
I'm a personal trainer, and this is what I tell my clients and just about everyone else trying to get back in shape.

"Living for the weekend" is a saying I heard recently and it really hit the nail on the head in my life.


Any advice on how to move from "living for the weekend" to "living for the moment"? 


During the week, work is a drag, I have no social life and nothing to do. The week just eats away at my life mentally and physically. 



Find something you enjoy and indulge whether it be binge watching netflix or diving into a book do things you enjoy on your time off.  I would reccomend a walk around a park. 

Artist name?
Damn
Darude Sandstorm
Justin Slattum. He's a local artist from Portland, Oregon. Really cool work!
This Darude guy sure is talented... Artist, composer, singer, dancer, politician. Man, i wish i was like him!

This is a practice of Stoicism.

Love it. 

OMG, when I had a really tough 2 weeks of projects and finals, I had this little guy open on a tab and pinned. It was the most stressful time of my life so far, and this helped me stay motivated sometimes. lol
ha it worked
This is too cute! Works for me!
thanks OP
So cute, I love it. Each one of us should keep telling himself those things !

You put it down by scheduling your tasks and focusing on process rather than results.
That's a very long way to say "stop being stressed".

How have I never thought about that before? Gee, it was so obvious!
I didn't get "don't be stressed" out of that at all. I got.. take care of your issues or burdens now because the longer you hold onto them the worse it makes you feel. It's motivation and insight to work on yourself and goals. 

OP thank you for this, it's now my desktop picture. 
Yay eugenics!
What does this have to do with eugenics...
Alexis Carrel, like *a lot* of early 20th Century intellectuals and progressives, was a proponent of eugenics.  But this quote has nothing to do with that. 
Actually it does: http://www.soilandhealth.org/03sov/0303critic/030310carrel/Carrel-ch8.htm

Just a question, but did he do this the entire run with the flag? If so that is even more impressive. Thanks for sharing! 
This is beautiful!! Talk about motivating!!! 
I just did my research and yes, he did run with the American flag the whole 26.2 miles
That is super impressive. I once ran with a flag about that size and man, those things add a lot more weight and resistance than I expected. He must have been training the whole time for a 26.2 mile run with that flag!

Why not? It's not a glamorous job but it keeps the homemaking economy gong.

Picture is what, one day old? And it's already full of jpeg.
Wasn't it Conor McGregor that coined that? He at least said it before Phelps.
The poor guy just looked in that direction for a gasp of breath. Do the people who made this jpeg know how swimming works?
'Murica.
Second place? Loser. 
The guy who got 2nd to Phelps is such a loser, right?
Honestly that's a pretty standard way to breathe in butterfly. I highly doubt he was looking at phelps 
I watched that race live. He didn't look over at Phelps for a breath until the final 50m. I'm sure he breathed during the first 150m, but he wasn't checking the other lanes until the last push 
Well you win first place, you lose first place and you win 3rd. That's pretty much how it feels.
If youre not first, youre last
Didn't Le Clos get 4th place though? So that would definitely make him a loser!
He got fourth. 
While I do see the point, the example was pretty much stupid, especially at the Olympics. Hell, I wouldn't mind to focus my attention on Bill Gates and be just the second richest man in the world. 
Fucken Americans man. Chad le Clos has had to deal with his parents getting cancer and shit. Seems like a pretty normal sporting rivalry but as usual they get butthurt over nothing.

What did people expect? For him to just roll over and give Phelps the gold, just because it's Phelps.
He got fourth in the final for the 200 m butterfly and that's where that picture was taken!!
You also don't breath to the side in fly...
I don't swim so I didn't know that. But that makes sense
If you ever swam you'd notice plenty of swimmers breathing to the side in fly 
Plenty breathe to the side

Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor.
- Alexis Carrel

I like it, thanks for posting. Reminds me of what I'm going through right now, though I'm not as big, my old injuries and scar tissues make things a bit more challenging. Not a 21 year old spring chicken anymore. It is my goal to once again run a mile in the 6 min range, do 15+ pull-ups, and swim a mile. 
I love this piece, do you know the artists name?
the legs aren't proportional 
not realistic though, where's the excess saggy skin. 
I wish you well.
Sorry, I don't.
You're right. It's not realistic so morbidly obese people should just stay as such because excess skin is waay more gross and bad for your health than tens of pound of fat if not over a hundred...
Thank you
wat?


I love this one thanks for posting
Yes >:)
This is something I really needed to hear. 
Never got this kind of motivational quote, it only seems like its saying "you are dumber than you think because what you did was dumb"

Also means that if you have so much game online and thru text, You have that much game offline! Go get that ass folks!
Baseless belief. Gotta love assholes who say "Just a reminder" to assume everyone already thinks exactly the way they do and are wrong if they disagree.
Gay
Ayyyy-ooooo

I want to have 'Don't waste that shit' cross-stitched, then framed and hung in my grandma's house.
I like the message. All the cussing is unnecessary. Doesn't make it more profound. 
I need it. I'll do it.
just don't get herpes in the process 
Love this
Easy to mistake passion for rudeness.

what do you know, i am kinda still new to all this posting thing, there was a little text, but it turns out its either picture or text, cant go both together

anyways, here is smt I found along the way and kinda bumped me inside, so I thought what d hell, why not share it with you plebs, so here you go

And remember, eventually you will do it, if its not done then its not the end, so there is still plenty of room and time to do it.
I love zenpencil's comics!

What is this supposed to mean? Don't waste time and ignore people that would put you off?
Also, if you throw stones at dogs for barking, you're an asshole and should be in prison.
Why do people stop to throw stones at dogs? How is this motivational? I don't get it, of course you'll never get there if you keep stopping what what does it have to do with dogs?
Its not about the destination its about the journey. Dogs? What dogs?
Seems legit, Churchill was an asshole 

The best revenge is living a good life, right? Nicely done brother. 
Good on you! Don't stop now though, you gotta keep pushing yourself and keep aiming for something higher. Also this is the Nike Fuel? The band thing that goes on your wrist? Pretty cool
So really, that guy just improved your life big-time.
I hate to admit this, but I had no idea what moobs was until I thought about it for 30 minutes.
RUN FASTER NEXT TIME!!

Super huge grats on your progress, though.  
congratulations!!! keep going keep going, but I bet you had lovely moobs. 
Well on your way to a 5k! Keep it up!
It's the app on Android. I'm getting the watch thing soon though!
And now you know, and knowing is half the battle 
I can run 5k, no problem but I prefer to run 3k every day instead of do a 5k once or twice a week.
Nike+ has an android app?
Yeah, here it is: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nike.plusgps

It's excellent.

This is hands down one of my favorite motivational speeches. I even printed a transcript to hang on my wall at work (along with a few of my other favorites) for whenever I need something to pick me back up. There's something very earnest about the simple rules to life that is really more profound then initially thought.
He made it into a book! I just finished reading it five minutes ago. It's called "Make Your Bed" - definitely a must read!
His hat not being straight is more disturbing than I'd like to admit.
Pffft he sleeps in a bed with sheets and blankets? What a wuss! I sleep on a bed of sharpened pencil crayons.
"If you can't do the little things wright, you will never be able to do the big things wright."

This is a good one.
What are your other favorites 
Very nice righting.
I have the transcript to [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsSC2vx7zFQ) speech by Eric Thomas, [this](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems-and-poets/poems/detail/44314) poem by Edgar Albert Guest, and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk82j1jQw_8&feature=youtu.be&t=158) transcript of the Rocky Balboa speech. Sometimes people will stop by and strike up a conversation about one of them and it makes me feel that much more motivated, or pulls me out of that depressive slump that sometimes sneaks up on me.
Videos linked by /u/half-pint87:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[How Bad Do You Want It? (Success) HD](https://youtube.com/watch?v=lsSC2vx7zFQ)|Matthew Howell|2011-08-29|0:05:51|288,168+ (97%)|41,147,592
[Rocky Balboa - Motivational/Inspirational Speech To Son (1080p)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=mk82j1jQw_8&feature=youtu.be&t=158)|JackBauer137|2013-04-05|0:04:18|17,859+ (98%)|2,178,640

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/half-pint87 ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dis3uz9\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v1.1.2b


This could be a two edged sword, since even when in the long term you're doing extraordinary things, the day-to-day, which is the major obstacle in retaining motivation (and requiring you to use your self-discipline), may look like an endless string of seemingly ordinary things.
After hearing this wonderful advice I bought DOUBLE chocolate chip cookies instead of my normal single chocolate chip selection on the way home from work today.

Bring it, Lion!


Why can't both be right? Saying suicide is stupid doesn't imply that bullying is ok. Bullshit superficial arguments like this are stupid. 

Bullying sucks but condoning suicide is also terrible. 
Thanks
[deleted]
Go fuck yourself.
Agreed. 

Is there any possible way to get this in 1920x1080? If you can, thanks!

1 yellow notepad and a pen?
Should be written on the notepad in big bold letters: "An explanation."

I mean it's 2017 and no one has an idea why we are here or what this whole system we are living in is about..
Well...when you are born you need your parents for food and protection. So there is that. 

And you need freedom to be truly successful...so that too. 
Wow so original, thanks u/here4dafreefoodnbeer, so insightful
You won!
Is this a reference I don't get or are you just being a dick?

Edit: just being a dick
Not a reference- just thought his username was ironic and the quote is definitely not original, I've seen it multiple times. Not only a useless quote but the pen and paper pad is just stupid
Reddit meet willy


In order to improve you have to learn from your failed attempts. 
And that's and really good picture of why I never took to skateboarding, even when I was younger and a lot more active.

Fail 100 times to win
That's pretty cool. 
Is that Paul Rodriguez?
It's Mark Carter

Damn it! that sure is motivating, but right now is poop time.
The Rollins man is fucking awesome. He has some awesome quotes to get motivated.
I looked on Audible but didn't find any - are there any "self-development" audiobooks by him?

Great quote, but I call bullshit on the comments about Burning Man blocking it from being the covers of his book. Total humblebrag.
I checked out your website. Is your artwork for sale? It is really awesome and I'd love for a couple of those photos to hang in my room. 

I'm on a mobile so I didn't check out the site too thoroughly to check for buying options. 
Well I got no reason to lie, that's just the reality of the situation.
Yea man! Almost all of my popular pieces are on Society6, which has all kinds of crazy shit too like clocks, and rugs, and shower curtains. 

I'm struggling to stay afloat without a job pretty hard, so anything you get would be amazing help!

Here is the link http://society6.com/Imustbedead/prints


shit just got personal
wow dude, thanks for this. This is one of the most motivational things I've seen
I'm an assembly line worker ಠ_ಠ 
tl;dr
tl;dr
This has... you don't know...

When you put it that way... Everything is horrifying 
Somehow I'm still worried about choosing between seeing my daughter on a daily basis or leaving my shitty marriage for the extremely tiny chance I'll find another partner at all let alone one who satisfies me sexually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=padXXey_tjM&t=3m42s
Fuck
>[**Nothing But Trouble Atlantic City und Bonestripper / Police Control Scene [4:42]**](http://youtu.be/padXXey_tjM)

>>Polizeikontrolle aus Nothing But Trouble!

> [*^ALPINAB10BiturboE34*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPNJ41GV8mTWGzoIQKhWoJg) ^in ^Autos ^& ^Vehicles

>*^6,545 ^views ^since ^May ^2010*

[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)

Drown out negative thoughts with positivity. 

I like how they added "usually" since fire departments do occasionally use fire to fight fire.
Except when fighting certain kinds of fire then they use explosives.

*Edit*: Oh and sometimes they use guns.


I'm supposed to be studying. But I read this, upvoted, and kept scrolling down the page. I have a problem.
My first success will be pronouncing the author's name to my satisfaction. 
Funny, I've had the exact opposite experience. It got me started on my work.

Nice photo :)
Rivers are pretty damn powerful man. Maybe my perception is just off from living next to the Missouri and Mississippi rivers.
Happy to spread some motivational vibes, this one really resonated with me. :)
It still doesn't crash into the side of a cliff face and instantly create a canyon lol
The statement is not a dismissal of the power of rivers. The statement is an acknowledgement that it is not the strength of the river that cuts through rock but the persistence. If a river flows over rock with the force of the Mississippi for one day, that's still not the same impact as the Colorado river flowing over the course of thousands of years. That's the point. Strength is great, but persistence is key.
I wonder what would happen to the grand canyon if the colorado had the flow of the mississippi. And if there is an exposed fault at an elevation that flow would hit. That CAN sheer off a cliff face and now I want to talk about rock mechanics.
Point is the sentiment of the original post still stands

I fucking love this!

edit:  *and music
What about "I'm doing it." ?
They forgot "I am doing it". The are so many more levels between "I will do it" and "Yes, I did it!"
I will do it, so close to my preferable weight.
I will do it! :D
Using this as my lock screen keeps me motivated. Keeps me from making excuses!!
Me gusta

I see many issues with this quote
Easier said then done
I think the key is not to to be pulled by others' opinions, or to act on the momentum of others' expectations...

Without first asking the crucial question. 

Can I get better from this. Because at the end of the day, the highest virtue is not doing what you think others want, but doing what YOU want based on YOUR interpretation of other perspectives.

That way you do not shut the world out, and at the same time become your own person.

[The goal is to become grounded](http://truthandstrength.com/be-a-leaf-a-primer-on-being-grounded/)



I'm sitting hear drinking my green jade mint tea. Thank you encourage mint!
#facepalm
Be who you were before all that stuff happened that dimmed your fucking shine. 
It has taken me 35 years to realize that all that stuff that happened isn't the reason I'm struggling, I struggle because I keep blaming all that stuff that happened.  I'm the only one standing in my way.
That is one of my favorite terms I use when an employee is in a death spiral for whatever reason. You have defined it beautifully. 
Shine bright like a motha fucking diamond!! 💎
FUCK YES!!! Thank you.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, 

Humpty Dumpty had a great fall; 

All the king's horses and all the king's men 

Couldn't put Humpty together again.

So fuck the King's horses and men

Make something stronger from the pieces then.
Hmm I don't know I've tried killing myself since I was in Kindergarten I don't really remember a time with shine in my life.
We are all the hero to our own stories my friend:)
Woah. I never thought of it like that. Thanks!
You are your only problem and you are the only solution.
As an employee who might be in a death spiral, can you elaborate on this? I'm rather keen to know a managers perspective on this, since I know I over-analyse situations.
Welcs!  You know, I heard things like, "Don't dwell."  and "Put the past behind you." my whole life.  The thing was, I thought I had put it all behind me.  I was simultaneously living in the quicksand of my past and actively participating in the delusion that I had gotten out of the quicksand.  I don't even know when or how it happened.  I just finally looked at my life and realized that I have been my own worst enemy.  
In short, something went wrong that knocked them off their game or task., small mistake, crappy customer, conflict with a coworker, usually something fairly minor and of little long term consequence, but for whatever reason latches in their mind. They lose focus and then additional minor issues begin to suddenly stack up and pile on, and sap more focus, until they basically become of no use to anyone and they "crash"- a death spiral. The unfuck yourself is the figurative snap out of it palm to the back of the head that tells them that one incident is dragging them down, it didn't matter, and needs to shake it off, it's not used in an angry tone, more of a bro to bro way. We all have off days, but sometimes people just won't let the minor shit slide and eats away at them, applies pretty well to life in general. 

Edit: words are hard

Ol'billy philosophy OVA HERE
One of my all time favorite quotes.
I fucking love Bill Burr, he has a great way of explaining complex topics.
I never really thought about it that way
Man, I've been waiting to hear a quote like this for a long time. 
30 years old here, in a king bed as I type this with fiance sleeping on me.  
Here's hoping Billy's wrong...
'Playing it safe is the riskiest thing you can do.'
Seen this many times and each and every time it still rings so true. 

Like laundry! Or dishes! Any chores, really...
Invest in yourself, no in object nor in other people. make your main focus on improving and evolving to a better you.
Glad to see I'm not the only one that uses motivational memes to get me to do the house work. 

From Bag end to the Green dragon
I always think of this when my feet feel tired. "Frodo would have gone further. Sam would've even carried Frodo further. I can do another mile!"
Rivendale
Pretty much this... More than I did yesterday. Which was from the cellar to the mailbox.

FUCK YEA. Enough of these crying pussies asking for cards. GO SCORE. 
Ironic part here is that walcott is well known for just running into people and diving for the free kick. Or maybe its just cause I'm a butt hurt chelsea fan
Great goal! Anyone know the video source?
I'm.. a chelsea fan... but great video!

This is why I take UCB classes!
But at the same time, don't be blind to the perspectives of others.

[deleted]
It's 4am... Thanks for the post. 
well now ive got to watch them instead of watching other shows. not a bad deal.

i just hate it when the one time i watched a TED show and the female american speaker started crying halfway thru. jeez lady get a grip!

the scottish deaf percussionist one is my favorite one. that lady rocked on the same legendary level as herbie hancock!
This blog looks perfect for what I've been searching for
I'm saving this for later. The hack a banana video is pretty awesome.
I liked this blog post at first but couldn't really take it seriously after I found a few spelling mistakes. Am I alone in feeling that poorly written advice seems like poor advice regardless of the message?
Absolutely, I loved the TED:Life Hack talks. I wish this was bundled somewhere (I may create a torrent with the talks combined - AFAIK. I'm assuming I'm not breaking copyright laws by doing this?)
you are alone. 
No; but the hive-mind will try and make you think you are.
http://www.ted.com/pages/talk_usage_policy

TED videos are CC licensed.  Although the usage policy says:

> Video player: You must use the TED (or YouTube) embeddable player.  This allows us to further our overall mission by tracking video usage. Scraping video from TED.com is not permitted.

If not for that, I think you'd be 100% in the clear.  You could always ask for permission, but seems like they're unlikely to grant it.
wow, didn't know about TED life hacks (tho I suppose it was mentioned in the article)

sorry—brain dead day

thanks!
Good point, I feel a lot of folk take upvotes as a replacement for that grain of salt you should take in when you read these blog posts.
Kind of shitty of them (considering they should be 'forward thinking') The only reason I'm downloading them is so I can sit and watch them on my projector at home without having to stream it. I'll be ripping the videos anyway was just wondering if I should upload the torrent anonymously or not :)) 

So now I don't just have to be good at something, I have to be great at it? Life's too hard.
Ripped from Instagram ;) 
Awesome photo though. The rock is amazing!!

Or whole-ass two things 

Yes, real easy when you have no family, kids and a long commute.  Yes, let me work all night, so that i can be sleepy at work the next day and eventually get fired for low productivity.

Yeah yeah, Cuban did it, he is proof that you can work 24 hours a day.





Cause there is.  Cuban knows first hand how shitty the government can be when it decides it no longer likes you

"Avoid time wasters."  Aww shit, I'm on reddit again!
I like watching TV. There's a lot of good shows that make me feel happy inside.
That was the exact same thought I had. 

Feels good, doesn't it?
awesome man, ive struggled with smoking cigs for a while now, I recently lost out on an opportunity with a girl because of it, feels bad, but the motivation is good.  Your post is very motivating.
I quit in early November.  It's weird to think that i used to smoke 
It's certainly a confidence booster for finding a decent woman. It's never too late to quit. 
I've seen both my parents quit (well, dad quit for good, mom's well on her way there though!) and it is tough as hell, man. Good for you! :) The first of many of your little non-smoking victories to come, I'm sure!
What cologne? :D
Cigarettes are the worst! Keep going! 
My father was a heavy smoker. Everyone believed i was also one because i always stank. 

Hated it. 

Even after he quit muy clothes and stuff stank for several months
I feel you man, not having to worry about your nasty cig stench in public settings is reassuring. Its even worse that as smokers, we dont think we smell that bad since our sense of smell is fucked.
It sure does. The thought of spending the money daily now on them seems insane.
Don't quit smoking because of a girl, or someone. It will make it hard to not come back to your bad habit if the motivation, the girl for example, is gone.

Quit for yourself. Love yourself. And then you will love others too without the fear of losing them. You will accept things come to an end and that they change into something else.

And in order to change yourself, "you must be willing to sacrifice what you are now, for what you want to become." One step at a time.
It's a whole different lifestyle.
I promise that you're more kissable now, too. 
Acqua di gio by georgio armani. Good stuff.
I concur, I have no plans to quit for a girl, but I don't want people's perception of me clouded by it.
That cologne smells so magical 

Honestly the hardest part. Especially because when you work out you get hungry. 
I usually eat healthy but getting the energy to do exercise is hard.

What is this, a motivational picture for **ants?**

[Here is a larger version](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-UfXJQInsppg/UqN6UlkgXRI/AAAAAAAAYIc/y7QoBx0jo-4/s1600/Weight-Loss-Before-and-After.jpg)

Also, here is the transformation: [1](http://fc04.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2014/091/5/d/before_and_after_7_e_by_yearonesummit-d7cpvj6.jpg), [2](http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2014/091/2/0/before_and_after_7_d_by_yearonesummit-d7cpve9.jpg), [3](http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2014/091/4/c/before_and_after_7_c_by_yearonesummit-d7cpvce.jpg), [4](http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2014/091/3/3/before_and_after_7_b_by_yearonesummit-d7cpv9z.jpg), [5](http://fc04.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2014/091/9/4/before_and_after_7_a_by_yearonesummit-d7cpv6n.jpg)
Not sure if its you, but if it is way to achieve something you wanted! :D *highfive!* 

If its not, HIGH FIVE ANYWAY.
wow... good job. 
Congratulations. 
Eh, I'd bang them both.
First version is fine the way she is tbh, but Im a black guy so idk
now lets hope she's not looking for motivation to fight an eating disorder. she has really good skin to not have it ripple or sag after it being so stretched.
I am just wondering what will happen post kids.  Revert back after a hard fought battle?
Where's the story behind this one?
lol Love the Zoolander reference.

And yeah, it's way more believable when you can see the transformation step-by-step.
Having kids doesn't swarm your body with adipose tissue. It takes effort and time management to lose it just like any other time. My wife took up yoga and a vegetarian diet after the birth of our daughter and lost more weight than she'd gained during the pregnancy.
she was fat, didn't like it, started to eat like a thin person, became thin.
You should summarise research papers.

That's the exact thing I needed to read in my life right now!
Thrilled to learn this was meant for you....blessings!

It's funny to imagine Socrates as a swole frat bro saying this
Actually that image of me just being awesome...in my dreams.
Did you do this? If yes, where did you get the image from?
I've heard it said that Aristotle would only recruit the athletically inclined; is this true, anyone have any more info on that?
I can Only assume the image is from 300
I think you mean I can ONLY assume the image is FROM 300
I think I was just too lazy to correct the one letter that got capitalized on my phone 
I think you were right either way


I see so many points in these games where they do give up, and the price is heavy for giving up on trying to recover the ball. Good on them for fighting! If you keep fighting, you'll see what could have been, if you don't, you'll never know.
Eat that America
How so? It's Uruguay vs. Peru.
Both are American countries. I still don't understand.
Both are American countries. I still don't understand.

Really speaks to the inefficiencies of Rolls Royce production. 
And yet, the Toyota Hilux is the most durable car EVER, and 7 Toyota's have won Rally championships. This is silly motivation.
Cool quote but where it came from... VEMMA IS A HUGE SCAM! no amount of hard work will make it less of a scam... "hard work" for Vemma requires you to suck in your friends and family to get referral and recruitment bonuses.
As a Toyota driver - I'm strangely motivated!

Proof, I need some.
I get the feeling that might be a slight exaggeration... 
Even if this is true, it is because there is not much demand for RR (given that not many can afford it) and not because RR cars are better. If there was a demand they will figure out a way to mass produce it.

Also [RR motor division was bought by BMW](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Motor_Cars), so if you happen to meet RR people during a career fair, don't ask them about how to get in the cars division.
I am an operations management major at a top 15 business school. We've studied the Toyota production system extensively and as of last report I saw, (2012 report) it took them 25.4 hours to complete their average vehicle. The article offered as proof offers no sources and is not from a reputable website. Don't trust it.
Regardless of the exact context or source of the image, I think the core point is a good thing to consider. As fast as time passes, when something has you down the minutes really seem like hours. It's easy to give in to despair and fail to keep moving forward. It's difficult but it seems doing your best to think of the "Big Picture" can at least keep you pushing.
I am an operations management major at a top 15 business school. We've studied the Toyota production system extensively and as of last report I saw, (2012 report) it took them 25.4 hours to complete their average vehicle. The article offered as proof offers no sources and is not from a website I know. Don't trust it. 
[Here you go](http://seriousfacts.com/rolls-royce-takes-6-months-build-toyota-takes-13-hours/)
#####&#009;

######&#009;

####&#009;
 [**Rolls-Royce Motor Cars**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce%20Motor%20Cars): [](#sfw) 

---

>__Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited__ engineers, manufactures and distributes luxury automobiles and automobile parts worldwide. Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of [BMW AG](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BMW) established in 1998 after BMW licensed the rights to the Rolls-Royce brand name and logo from Rolls-Royce PLC and acquired the rights to the Spirit of Ecstasy and Rolls-Royce grill shape trademarks from Volkswagen AG. Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited operates from purpose built administrative and production facilities opened in 2003 across from the historic [Goodwood Circuit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodwood_Circuit) in Goodwood, West Sussex, England, United Kingdom. Rolls-Royce Motors Cars Limited is the exclusive manufacturer of Rolls-Royce branded motor cars since 2003.

>====

>[**Image**](http://i.imgur.com/PGR6twf.jpg) [^(i)](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Peninsula_Hong_Kong_RR_Phantom.JPG)

---

^Interesting: [^List ^of ^Rolls-Royce ^motor ^cars](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Rolls-Royce_motor_cars) ^| [^BMW](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BMW) ^| [^Rolls-Royce ^Phantom ^\(2003)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Phantom_\(2003\)) ^| [^Rolls-Royce ^Ghost](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls-Royce_Ghost) 

^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+cgdelmy) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&message=%2Bdelete+cgdelmy)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)
I work at a Toyota plant and at least the vehicle I work on takes 22 hours from start to finish, though I guess that isn't really the point of the quote.
Thank you!
It's not, but when he tried to use an article to backup his point that's when I pointed it out. 

For me, rules like "never go 3 days without exercise" are just an excuse for me to be lazy. I prefer to just tell myself to exercise every day.
Whats up with a.monday?
Kinda meh.
Should be "work out", not "workout". Yes, I am a grammar nazi but this error is becoming widespread and it's really bothering me.
I totally agree.  I like the simple idea of "Sweat everyday for at least 30 minutes".  It can be anything you want, lifting weights, running, biking, hiking, surfing, or whatever you like.  Just be active everyday.
I'm guessing it means most people who exercise on a Monday are more likely to stick with it throughout the week because it's generally viewed as the "start of the week".
Language changes over time.
I think he was referring more to the difference between the noun 'a workout' and the verb 'to work out'.
Exactly. Thank you.
I know, I'm saying that the noun has become the verb, and that's just language changing.

r/im14andthisisdeep 

Find out what it is in life that you don't do well... and then don't do that thing.

You got that right 😊

I wish i was a plant so this is also applicable to me.
That's what my kidnapper kept saying, at least.
[A little sun and water then and it's bonsai days, the winds might whip ya, but they twist life in the most interesting ways.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0Hd3uWKFKY&t=0m50s)  


I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.

Damn, that's a baller quote.

I'm 30 now so I guess I'm fucked.
Didn't he get his dog to eat cottage cheese off his balls?
:) I'm 25. Thanks for that. 
Damn. It's probably too late for you. Sorry! ;p
34 here. Yep
Nah I'm 31, you'll still be fine hah
And now he's a _millionaire_!
I need a dog and cottage cheese

And if you refuse to fit in you lose. 
r/Im14AndThisIsDeep
r/Im14AndThisIsLBlockDeep

Me too!! Thanks 
Yes!!!
But that mother fucker is sprinting
Mine too. Thanks
Awesome 
Amazing, is there a desktop wallpaper version somewhere? :) Thanks in advance.
I don't know. Try Google search by image, if you can find the appropriate resolution then good.  


Typically you spend time to make money, so wasting money is essentially wasting time.
How is this motivation?
But you had to use time on a skill set to get your money, which at least maintained that skill set. Wasting time directly does not contribute to improving or maintaining a skill set, and thus has little side-benefit.

Needed this.  Been in an awful situation and am vested in a few months. Keep waffling on whether i should ride out or bail. 
Love this.
You and me both brother/sister. 

But I'm so close to that extra week of vacation and increase/vestment in stock! /s

I'm lucky in that I recently had a very protracted brush with death and so my perspective on what makes life/work valuable has changed drastically. Makes the "risk" of an employment change seem so miniscule.

Nice! What shirt is that? 
For any Americans that is a little over a half mile to about 9.3 miles, which is amazing progress.
Do you mind sharing your training plan?
Be sure to check with your Doctor before pushing to hard.  I developed AFib.
How long did it take from your first run to the run pictured in the photo?
Run

Well you experience the world through your senses - interpreting the world is proper to the intellect. So it's more like you experience the world the way your brain puts it all together - but you what you understand and infer about what you're experiencing is based on what you know/who you are. 

Ex- Two people can look at the same painting - see the same thing - but be drawn to different elements on the painting and experience different ideas/emotions.
[deleted]
Why do you have to hate? Obviously if you are going to apply the advice from this sub to the worst case scenario then it will always sound stupid.

Also, you can still apply this advice to the worst case, it's just more difficult.
Maybe it should say "both" rather than "not"?

Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
Also:
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/10/141015-angela-duckworth-success-grit-psychology-self-control-science-nginnovators/
I've heard of this before! Great stuff! However I still think talented people need talent to reach these heights.
Great stuff. One piece of the puzzle that is required to be successful. 

Beyond writing jokes, Jerry still had to deliver content that mattered. He had to be funny and people had to like his show. 

Grisham - same thing. Despite writing everyday, and writing all those books, he still had/has to write content that is interesting to people. 

So...just doing something will get things done, but making money or gaining power or control is going to require that you produce something that others are willing to pay money for. 

So...it takes talent. 

However, that talent often comes from doing things over and over again. Most likely the more these two wrote their pages and jokes, the better they got at doing it - the better they got at making things more interesting. 

I would assume for everything that each of these released to the public, there is a pile of stuff that hit the trash. 

So...you have to put the miles in one way or another. 
Great little article, I think I'll try it!
Love this.  Thanks
Anyone interested should check out the x effect sub and the app 7 weeks
Really along the lines of the philosophy behind /r/nonzeroday. Looks like persistence really is they key!
The Slight Edge is a book by Jeff Olson that uses the same principle.
Jesus christ htat is brilliant. 
Perfectly stated!
you can develop talent by executing day in and day out.. 
Yeah.. it's needed regardless.
Give it a shot.. what do you have to lose.. 
you got it

Haven't read it.. but will add it to the list
haha!

This. This is just so badass, yet so many people have no clue it's happening. .-.
Is this even possible?
And it's blocked in my country:(
booo "This video contains content from SME, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds."
Big up
Look up ultramarathons. There are some that go 48 hours nonstop and cover 100 miles or more.
I don't understand ultra marathons like the people doing them a lot of them don't seem like they're ultimate athletes and yet it's all I can do to run non stop for an hour at shit pace.
He's doing a race later this year in Colorado that is 9 days, with a full marathon each day. Insane! 

Mind blown.

Pretty good but not sure what it's doing there
The person who put that up is a crook preying on vulnerable people. Obviously a deluded one at that.
Probably means you can either have something one day or take out a loan and have it now
Pretty straightforward IMHO.

It's saying either you can imagine a goal and think "one day" or you can begin working towards it now and today is "day one" of your journey to aforementioned goal...
I guess what he meant was why is it at a payday loans bulletin?  It seems counterintuitive to their business model.

All those hours and he still couldn't figure out what's a torrent.
Since he couldn't shop it, he excelled it?


I will show my self out.
He's a freak in the spreadsheets for sure. 
Really incredible. I had no idea Excel could do this kind of stuff.
But seriously how did he do this... not really an excel guy but now I am SUPER curious...
GIMP? Paint.net? Incredible though, very cool work.
He's intense for sure

This is true. I do design work and the stuff I did earlier looks primitive and basic now.  But so does a lot of what i did last year. You learn to see with a critical eye after some time has passed. Not in the moment of creating. But hopefully you're making enough good choices that the work is good. 
Wow this just made my day. This is exactly how I feel. Thankyou! Question though! If people like work of mine that I do not personally like should I still put it out ?
Surprisingly. I've been 200% out of it today. I made something new 2 days ago which people said was good. But I woke up yesterday and just hated it. This is why I'm subbed to this board. Every so often it delivers just the right message
It bugs me more than it probably should, but "awhile" is not a word. It's always "a while". 

Anyway, this is awesome. Definitely something I needed right about now. Thanks for the share!
Too bad whoever designed this graphic is still stuck in the "it's just not that good phase". Really now, is making a block of text difficult to read really necessary?
Just keep putting it out. And ask for feedback. It'll help you improve
This is the 3rd version of this quote I've seen all typographied out. Time for a new one!
I guess they wanted to prove the point.
Came here to say this, it's very frustrating to read.
*IT'S* ***LIKE***

^a ^designer ***VOMITED OUT*** ^an **entire**

    library

###OF **FONTS**

> **and** `typographical`

#***DESIGN PATTERNS***

* ^and ***TOSSED*** ^^THEM

^^TOGETHER **like** ^^A ^^CHEF'S `Salad.`

Great, I just sold my business the other day and now I'm starting to regret it. 

Oh well. On to other things. 
That whole channel is gold. Videos don't get enough love on this subreddit. 
Thanks a lot. A lot of the videos up here are about getting fit and that's great because it helps people but this is more what I'm about and I forgot that a little bit.
Derek Sivers sold CD BABY for $22 Million dollars, and donated all of that to charity. Quite shortly after, he was onto his next project idea! Have you read his book? Perhaps it will give you some insights: http://www.amazon.com/Anything-You-Want-Lessons-Entrepreneur/dp/1591848261/ref=asap_bc?ie=UTF8

also his website has alot of info that I find to be useful: https://sivers.org/

Hope this helps!
Incredible. I'll look into it. Thanks for the heads up! 
He just posted a list of directives on his blog too. 

I don't get it :-/
That took me a shamefully long time to get.
wish i was deaf.
Credit to /u/itsthetie 
He's deaf. 
Got it after reading your comment. 

Subtly motivational 
Beethoven was deaf?
Yes
You should watch [Immortal Beloved](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110116/), its about Beethoven's life and stars Gary Oldman

Sounds like the necromancer 
Be that one! Love it.
Badass
That doesn't sound like Heraclitus... He was more into the metaphysics than stirring speeches.
“When diplomacy ends, War begins.” 

Didn't sound like Adolf Hitler, but it was.
Fair enough, it's just that there is nothing at all like this quote in the surviving fragments of Heraclitus' work. If you have a source for it I'd be interested to see it as this would change our opinion of the sort of philosophy he taught.
[Here's] (http://www.armedpolitesociety.com/index.php?topic=935.0) somewhere to start

Unless you always think in terms of unlessing 
Unless you're applying for a job you need...
Unless you're in sales....
Unless you want to do anything that involves other people. Which is most things. So you could try being nice instead?

Plus five internet points for the random image of the Buddha, tho, because why not?



GO ASK NO FORWARD ALWAYS

nope no hidden message... moving on
If you do not ask, the answer will always be yes, unless someone finds out.
Ask and it is given...
Seek and you shall find...
The first thing I checked: Does it say "Never Gonna Give You Up."


Definitely puts things in perspective. Work for the future. 
I think the dad still had a good chance of being alive though. The picture should have the original kid as the grandpa watching his child swinging his grandchild.

I need to look at this more often.

Love it! I have a tat of a pawn with a kings crown on it!! 
I think this is more arrogance. The pawns get capture and the game goes on. Not that the pawn is useless, it is its duty to protect the king, it must be prepared do what is needed of it if is going to be a useful piece. If a pawn behaves like the king then the it's real king will be captured. Then that is true failure.

Stay humble brothers and fight for what you believe in, don't let vanity get ahead of you.
Shouldn't it be switched around to be a metaphor for motivation?
why would the pawn regard himself as a king? they almost always get promoted to queen. there's a need for an only one king. it'd be more realistic and profitable for other chess figures for that pawn to become queen. this pawn is highly delusional.
This is more demotivational than motivational.. 
Should be a queen in the mirror
Are you a downy? Imagine you as the pawn, the chessmen's least valuable piece, a nobody to society. Now to me you might be a nobody but when you look at yourself in the mirror, you don't see a pawn, you see yourself as a king, someone who deserves respect! You're thinking of the pawn in terms of the game but what this picture is trying to express is that, a ordinary person (pawn) can be a king.
You are derogatory and your points are invalid. There is no point in discussing with you. 
You're a downy. DOH DOHD ODH DOH

Wow that's deep. I wasn't expecting something like this when I saw it was from rFunny. Thanks for this. 

Being a 23 year old, just about to finish my bachelors abroad doing something I'm not that interested in, this comic really resonates within me. 
This guy was fucking awesome.
He had a dream and he went for it full out. He didn't make plans, or goals, he had nothing that could go wrong and get in his way. At age 26 he had probably lived more than most people who reach 60+ ever will.


So much respect for someone who doesn't allow anything to hold them back from what they want.
[Link at the end for the lazy](https://hitchtheworld.com/)
Damn, this hits close to home. For a long time I've been numb and barely/un(able) to feel things. The wanderlust is hitting me like crazy. And this post damn near brought tears to my eyes. 
This was really amazing! Thank you for sharing ;)
Despite being funny at times, this definitely fits better here than r/funny. But everyone knows that sub is terrible. Thanks for sharing, I enjoyed it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are you reading the comic or the message?
you sound absolutely lovely

This is the most profound one:

**#4 “The most dangerous risk of all – The risk of spending your life not doing what you want on the bet you can buy yourself the freedom to do it later”**
that comfort one is crap. i would love to be that koala.
I found the titles kinda annoying, we can read the pics! Also can anyone explain the one about excepting your limitations?
Another version of that comfort one:"misery is comfortable, happiness takes effort"

"Remember, misery is comfortable.  That's why so many people enjoy it."
Alec Baldwin was *not* nominated for an Oscar for Glengarry Glenross.  Otherwise, pretty decent article.
"I'm sorry, I know that this is hard to hear, but if all you can do is list a bunch of faults you don't have, then back the fuck away from the patient. There's a witty, handsome guy with a promising career ready to step in and operate."

That resonated.
Quote that hit home for me was " People quit because it takes too long to see results because they can't figure out the process is the result." 
I'm going to read this every morning immediately after I wake up. 
I just came here to post this. Well done.

Good even if just because it has Baldwins performance mentioned.

Coffee is for closers
This guy is really hung up on providing people with what they want.  News flash: if you just go around trying to meet everyone's expectations, then you'll rot. You'll get all the shit work that nobody wants because it's boring and nobody wants to do it and you won't learn shit doing it except how to pass 10 years of your life and not have shit to show for it.  This list is worthless for everyone who wants to be somewhere other than sucking their boss's dick when they're 40.  

Do you think Steve Jobs got rich by "giving people what they want?" Fuck no, he told them what they want. He got one thing right at least, you should try to be productive.  But before that, you should make sure that you're not just taking a shit and calling it work.  A good example of shit is a list of 6 things that are all a variation of "get to work, you loser" and calling it "6 harsh truths"  A harsh truth is I should get to work?  What the hell do you think normal people do on a day to day basis?  Retarded.  This guy obviously needs to take his own advice.  Poop out an article once a week, embed some youtube videos and call it work...  Probably the reason he's writing shitty link-bait articles like this is because this is how he thinks.  

[This is for the author if he happens to read reddit, sorry your dad couldn't do this :(](http://i.imgur.com/rKn32.jpg)


[deleted]
All he is saying is "provide value" to other people, not fill their exact needs like you're taking orders at a restaurant. 
Did you read the articel at all?

There's a whole paragraph about why it's not about the money you make but the things you contribute to society.
Thanks I read the article
Doesn't seem like it.

Disagree. Incredible duress and stress lead to a huge change for me.  Might not be for the best (yet?) but it was a catalyst to want to go for something better.
I think this quote was about addiction for him.

This is my to do list, I am 25
At least, the picture drawing is done... 
Bullet pointing fell apart for #2, otherwise that looks like a busy schedule.. I hope she's using the pomodoro technique..
OP please encourage this behavior.  

that is the manliest shit I have ever read

Damn right it won't! I fucking love this sub!!!!!!!!!

If it were only that simple. 
Why would be working out if he already got a hot  gf
You just need to be... white.
Why is the strong guy not white and the weaker guy white? 
I know what you mean.  Jars are really hard to open.
self respect?
Hah! You got me there. 
Nope.  Any format of  self improvement is low self esteem 
haha are you joking? routine workouts are slow, progressive self improvements. routine builds character. to have respect for yourself is to stay disciplined and keep executing regardless of emotional/physical setbacks.
so when I'm lying in my own dirt, but I don't give a shit, I have the biggest self-esteem in the world?

(the answer is, that is called arrogance & ignorance, which is not self-esteem)
They call me mediocre newscasts I'm content with myself 

great picture, reminds me of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDW6WfoC3Xc)

"Don't let the bastards get you down."

 - *Hunter S. Thompson*
Can you explain, please?

X-Post referenced from /r/interestingasfuck by /u/hate_mail  
[Fucking prevail.](https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/50cw68/fucking_prevail/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)


Turn up bitch 

sv_cheats 1

sv_gravity 100

White men CAN jump!  Hah take that Wesley Snipes!
sv_gravity 8
White guy here. Still can't job, only that guy can.

I like it. My wife hates this kind of adversarial motivation, but it really works for me.
[Source](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbVVT3KOLAI)
A bit more work with the text would go a long way...
Yes I admit I used a shitty image and the font can use some work.I just liked the message. 
great message, but the nsfw tag is a bit exaggerated, dont you think? 
Okay okay, but I have an honest question. What if all you wanna do is play with your weener and eat at Wendy's for the rest of your life? I mean, what if that's what made you happy and everyday you looked in the mirror, you were happy with what you saw? just what if 
I can say Fuck at work...
I like that it is challanging
and a better source image, and better cropping... :p
Not really , I don't really think its that bad but I used my judgement with the type of sub that this is and thought it was better safe then Sorry
Then you don't need motivation 
I dunno dude, shouldn't you never be satisfied with yourself? Like, this is pretty deep as far as anonymous internet conversations go, but I feel like someone should never be satified
Why wouldn't you want to be satisfied? The whole point of this subreddit is that you aren't satisfied with your life and you need motivation to make the changes in your life so you will be satisfied. Therefore, if you think about it, the goal is exactly to be satisfied or what's the point of getting motivated if it wont change how happy or satisfied with your life you are?
So that you never stop improving?
Improvement is just a means to an end for me, and that end is happiness and satisfaction with my life.
Every other quote on /r/motivation is about how we should focus on the means rather than the end, how we should try and enjoy the adventure along with completing our goal. So why stop?
There is no reason you can't enjoy you're journey and also eventually be satisfied with yourself and your progress and accomplishments.
nice

Brilliant post; bravo.
Weird thing is I'm 15 and starting to workout now after over eating since I was a kid.
Ok, you convinced me! I'm starting NOW. 
Good luck!
I did the same things, except for me it lasted longer than a year.  I went from 200lbs to 278lbs.  Slowly, over 10 years.

Finally, when I had to suck in my gut to bend over and tie my shoes it all kind of lit up for me.  I was a scholarship athlete that now couldn't run a mile.  I lost any will to work or compete for anything.  All of a sudden, I was drinking 4 days a week, eating constantly, and had paid zero attention to my well being.

I slowly got back in shape.  I did my first mile on my "come back" in 12 minutes, my fastest prior to that had been 5:15.
I did 12 push-ups, prior to that I had hit 70 easily.
But, you get the picture.

Now, over 6 years after that realization...I'm 33 years old and I'm at 6'2" 203lbs.  I run a 5:45 mile, I can do 70 push ups-again, and I actually watch what I do to myself.

My biggest regret to date is slipping as far as I did.  I slid from 17 until 27, and instead of working I sat back and watched myself waste away.

My big drop began when my dad died too, and I know everything about it is difficult and life-changing.  Keep a close eye on yourself, and hang in there.
"Physically demanding sports" lol 

but in all reality.. I blamed my 20lb weight gain on working fulltime.. and 3 months ago I decided to start eating better + working out regularly via insanity and am almost back down to where I started.. with another 25 to go to my target :) 
Don't stop working out. 
That's amazing! You're truly an inspiration! 
My situation is very similar, although I've not quite gotten away. I've "yo-yo'd".

I went from 175 to 225 from 17-23. Dropped down to 189, then suffered a head injury that cost me my dream job. Now, 5 years later, I'm pushing 230. It's very gradual, but constant. I can't stop eating fast food and I can't get myself to work out consistently. I feel it all slipping away, and I'm on this subreddit to try and figure it out.

I'm pretty sure I don't deserve to be as happy as I am, but I don't care.
Fuck this. Deserving is irrelevant. Work for it. Earn it. Make it happen. Change your mindset. 
Anti motivational self pity. 
To believe you deserve anything is self entitlement. Get off your a$$ and work for what you are passionate about. Find something that is meaningful and push yourself until you achieve it. Happiness is a state of mind. Be thankful for what you have, appreciate the small things in life, and don't be lazy. The rest you have no control over. 
Im a masochist though 
I'm already happy. I can't be "happier" cause that not how humans/life works. After a bit you get accustomed to your life situation and you are what you are. See studies about lottery winners vs people in tragic accidents. 
I feel guilty about how happy I am, knowing what the average human on this planet doesn't have.
"Deserve's got nothing to do with it." -Clint Eastwood's character in that movie
I agree with everything you said... Minus the intro...
Haha that's fair!

This fixed my crippling depression. Thank you. 
Omg we get it, millennials suck so much. 

Edit: I forgot a word because I'm a dumb millennial. 
I hate the phrase "man the fuck up."
/r/gatekeeping
If I didn't get PTSD, was it even a hard day at work? /s
thanks, existential crisis. good to see you again. 
Not really that. I'm 26 but I understand that we have it much better than those men did. They literally had no choice.
Why?
You definitely said it better lol. Personally I'm really annoyed that they always compare our choices to people who legally didn't have a choice. Most of those men would of turned around and wen't home if they had the choice. 
To start explaining that, I need to know what do you consider "man the fuck up."

The way I see it, so far, its meaning is "suppress your emotions and go through with it" and I'm sick of it. Since a young boy I've been fed this notion I should bottle things inside me, because that's what men do. 

It's like telling to a woman "shut up and go make me a sandwich."
It's either would **HAVE** or would**'VE**, but never would **OF**. 

 See [Grammar Errors](http://www.grammarerrors.com/grammar/could-of-would-of-should-of/) for more information.
I see where you're coming from, the way I have thought of it as I have gotten older and what I have learned from quitting drinking and stuff is "allow yourself to feel the way you are feeling but don't allow your feelings to control you. Feel them, regroup and go on."
So "suck it up buttercup" is equally offensive to you? 

We have a very whiney culture nowadays that doesn't want to work hard in order to get anything and yet thinks it is entitled to everything straight away. The whole "man the fuck up and stop bitching around about your imaginary bullshit issues that are just symptoms of your own imagination (and lovely new bollocks invented by the media)" issue has nothing to do with suppressing emotions, but rather with being less of a whiney bitch and just do "it". 

Whatever it means in this context. 

Hopefully it doesn't mean storm the Normandy, although it's a lovely place nowadays and I can only recommend camping new Omaha beach in the summer!

What any of this has to do wth emotions is beyond me, and it certainly has nothing to do with sandwiches - but maybe it's a cultural thing and English is not your first language? I have no clue. 
..... I would of killed you if i would of had the chance.
He also said "wen't"
Cheers for a lovely quote, I'll save it for future use. 

Going to share the quitting drinking story if you're comfortable with it? Hope you're doing well!
>So "suck it up buttercup" is equally offensive to you? 

Yeah, why would we suck up our problems and put it under the carpet? I would be ok with the phrase "man the fuck up" if it meant "take on your responsibilities" only, without underlying meaning of "and suck it up"

>The whole "man the fuck up and stop bitching around about your imaginary bullshit issues that are just symptoms of your own imagination (and lovely new bollocks invented by the media)" issue has nothing to do with suppressing emotions

Strawman argument. I was discussing the phrase "Man the fuck up."

>We have a very whiney culture nowadays that doesn't want to work hard in order to get anything and yet thinks it is entitled to everything straight away.

What do you mean by this? Every generation says the same about a new generation. It's a vocal minority helped by media. My grandfather used to get the same phrase when he was young.


>What any of this has to do with emotions is beyond me, and it certainly has nothing to do with sandwiches.

Well usually, you even see it in the movies, when a character is feeling blue and dealing with hard time (depression, getting over, etc.) they're told "man up" with such connotation. It was used on me when I cried a day after my grandpa's funeral.

Sandwiches - That was just a silly attempt of anti-sexism counter-point by me, was a stupid thing to say.
Go right ahead, any words that helps anyone shouldn't be held private. I am doing great I quit years ago I consider myself one of the lucky ones that doesn't need to focus on it daily anymore, almost everything depends on your state of mind. I look at it like I am allergic to it, was one of the people that drank to get drunk and no amount was enough almost killed me plenty of times but I digress. 

When it comes to bravery I forget what movie it was from but it was along the lines of "bravery is not about being unafraid, but being afraid and doing it anyways." I apply that with the emotions one we are talking about too. Follows the same principle feel it but still get it done. That has also allowed me to keep my integrity even when I have done wrong and got caught, fess up and don't lie, take your licks you've earned. They are usually less severe then if you lie and try to get away with it. 
Ah well, this discussion is going nowhere - I'm sorry you feel the way you do, maybe think about talking to someone. 




Oh that last bit about lying hits home. Cheers for words of wisdom, I'm glad we had this exchange.

Have you over time become self-aware of your urges to drink, recognized them and ignored them, or have you been more like stubborn to stop drinking once and for all, one day at a time?

Glad you're over it, truly inspirational.
Cheers, good luck !
This is long sorry.

I went to meetings in the beginning to help with urges. Fell off a few times. I went through the usual, "I am giving up a" friend "and thing that takes up so much time I am willing to give for this because it is fun."  It honestly took me being brutally honest with myself, I could choose this life where no one will want to spend time with me, no one that would be a true friend at least. A life that will kill me young and inhibit everything I want. But even that though was not enough because I would still have alcohol so who cares. I had to look at it and realize I cannot drink, I just can't. I cannot control it and it doesn't do me any favors. I honestly think of drinking now every once in awhile and it doesn't even seem enjoyable. 

My personal gripe with meetings is people trade their addiction to alcohol to an addiction to meetings and the steps. Which is beautiful for them if that's what they need to keep from drinking or drugging. I give them all the respect in the world, but that's not a life I wanted either. I took the tools I wanted from them and the time they allowed me to get under my belt to get on my feet and I focused on letting it go after I left. I think being brutally honest with yourself and forgiving yourself is important, but don't hold onto the pain of it. I can't change the things I have done or the fact I cannot drink responsibily. But I am not going to focus on those things and hold on to them like a cross to bare. It's a small fraction of my life and I would rather focus on things to do now and a future. 

I have been to meetings, I have watched a read "the secret", read on Buddhism, went to catholic school, raised Russian orthodox, was enlisted in the military etc. The biggest thing I have taken from everything is this, everything is how you look at it and how you allow it to effect you. You can only control what you do and what you think. Not people, not events, and nothing else. That is a daily "battle" but the sooner you apply control over your mind the better you will be, not only for you but for the people around you. 
I love it. Thanks a lot for the insight, it must be hard to think back on it, but I hope it satisfies you and makes you inspired by yourself, because I surely am!

>You can only control what you do and what you think. Not people, not events, and nothing else. 

Words to live by :)
Thanks! Glad that we talked. And not hard to think of at all my friend just chapters in my book, they got me where I am now, so thankful for them, good and the bad. 


Positive comment. (To overshadow negative Nancy below)
you'll never change anything unless you change anything. inspiration quotes are pretty fucking lame already, but you went over the moon with this one. 
Positive comments are far more enjoyable than negative comments. Thank you, have a fantastic weekend.
Sounds like you could use some inspiration quotes in life.
[removed]
You seem pretty vulnerable to me right now. You should check out /r/anger and just hangout there for awhile.
>  you'd probably have amazing luck in subs like /r/depression, /r/SuicideWatch 

If by "amazing luck" you mean "hit hard with the modeartor bitch-slap" then yeah...  
**Here's a sneak peek of [/r/Anger](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anger) using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anger/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!**

\#1: [Hating someone makes them important. Forgiving them makes them obsolete.](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/65r2o4/hating_someone_makes_them_important_forgiving/)  
\#2: [It's like I WANT to be angry](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/5akknc/its_like_i_want_to_be_angry/)  
\#3: [Anger Masks Pain](https://np.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/5hjixc/anger_masks_pain/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/5lveo6/blacklist/)

[deleted]
If only he had a GNU Image Manipulation Program at his disposal.
OKAY BUT WHY ARE YOU SHOUTING?
Can you expect anything less from the Japanese? They always find a way and do it to the best of their abilities. 
This is kind of like motivation to go jump of a cliff if a 77 year old guy can do this in excel
I agree with her.

I had a guy come to my door one time for the sole purpose of telling me, "I'd be a great writer if I had a computer," and I said, "If you were a great writer you'd be writing on paper or the sidewalk or trees," and he went away.

I lived around a bunch of hippies in Texas.
I think you're doing the motivation thing wrong

Eh, I think we tend to be more stressed about the things we are passionate about. The more we care about something the more we worry about the outcome.
This is a really bad definition of the word stress
It's a very different stress for me. I quit my dead end office job 3 years ago to take a very risky go at something I pretty much live for. The stress for what I'm passionate about means something to me, it leaves scars that I'm proud of and that I can own. 3 years ago that stress meant nothing but a detriment to my health and sense of meaning. So yes two very different kinds of stress. 
It's an opinion not a definition 

Alot of people like to hate on Kanye for his cocky personality but the guy works so hard and is really talented. I hope I can achieve a fraction of the impact in my field as Kanye has in the hip hop world. 

There's a Bruce Lee quote where someone asks Bruce Lee if he's good and he responds, "If I tell you I'm good, you'll think I'm boasting. But if I tell you I'm no good, you'll know I'm lying." You have to be so badass and confident to say something like that with talent to back it up. 
You can still think someone is talented and hard working and still an awful human being. I dislike Kayne, doesn't mean I don't think he's a genius. He is an amazing entertainer and producer, I just think he's crappy at being a person. 
The first picture is him with thousands of dollars in equipment. Gee must be nice to work your ass off with a golden stepping stool.
The  Kanye hate is so strong  in the  comments haha . That's  to be expected at this  point,  I'm excited for  his  next  album though.  Kanye always puts in the  time  for  quality work.  
Can you post a link to the interview where Jayne says this?
Aziz has a funny about this.

Can't find it
A lot of people work that hard or more so without the lifestyle kanye has, so I'm not sure where deserve comes into it.
So does the up and coming producers' hard work on tracks that you then buy from them because of how much richer you are than them, make a few minor changes and add your singing, and act like it was all your work...

Edit for the downvoters:
[Kanye](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0QcxWPB59o&t=172)


[Hudson Mohawke and Lunice, the year before](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_avTHIwU4pY&t=94)

Personally I much preferred it before it got Kanye'd
> alot of people

 http://i.imgur.com/ikKZGOq.png


I guess you guys want him to come from being homeless on the street with a can and a spoon making beats. If you really want to hear his struggle with getting signed, listen to [Last Call](http://youtu.be/eNYF_-mGGUI). Being from a middle-class family does not automatically mean you're going to be successful in the rap/hip-hop game. He had to work hard. 
Kanye? A golden stepping stool? Fucking el oh el. 
What I was thinking as well. Don't want him to be homeless and coming up, but not to act like he was given nothing either. 
It's from the lyrics to his song Spaceship
I don't think you understand what 5 beats a day for three summers means. That's a lot of determination. What lifestyle are you referring to?
They are on Kanye's label? And they have songwriting credits? And Kanye has sampled a ton of electronic artists in the past? You realize this is completely common in hiphop right, to sample others' work? Like literally from the beginning. Come on man.
Proof of Kanye doing this? Almost all of his samples are used to produce unique music. 
Just because you work hard and succeed does not mean you're automatically entitled to being a cunt. You still need to be humble. 
Are you into production?  Not hating on Kanye, but just saying 5 beats a day is typical hustling for an up and comer, maybe even below average. With a little music theory, it's not like they're some sort of massive puzzle.  You can put one together in an hour or less.  I spent 3 years (12 months, not just the summer) making at least 5 a day.  When you get to a certain point, it's no longer about numbers.  You'll make 10 of them that you won't even save, wishing you could make ONE that you like.  Because quantity is easy when you know the formula, and only have to change the samples/key/BPM/Progression.  

You reach that level (and it's not hard to get there) where "making a beat" is like making a quick doodle with pen and paper.  Most of us can draw 10 pictures in a day.  It just seems crazier thinking of 10 beats, because most people can draw but not as many know as much about music theory AND how to do the technical side of recording and mixing.

Edit:  Again, not knocking on Kanye.  He is a genius.  And I'm not saying that he didn't work for it, but "5 beats a day" is just not a lot for some people.  The difference for Mr. West was that he also had a gift.  What he banged out in an hour was probably on a whole nother level .
I understand.  It's not complicated.

What lifestyle? He's as rich as fuck.
Lol. Of course hip hop and EDM have involved samples from the beginning.

Taking it to fishsticks levels though is ridiculous. It's practically the same track, just with Kanye singing.

Let's be clear here, I'm not outright claiming he violated their copyright or anything, but it's that kind of piggybacking off the work of others that means I can never view Kanye as a poster boy for hard work and determination himself.

Never in a million years would he have allowed that track to be released under "TNGHT, Ft. Kanye West". He just acts as if it's his work, and the only evidence that it wasn't all made by him are the songwriting credits discretely listed somewhere most people will never look.
[Kanye](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0QcxWPB59o&t=172)


[Hudson Mohawke and Lunice, the year before](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_avTHIwU4pY&t=94)

Personally I much preferred it before it got Kanye'd (or should I say fishsticked?)
This is the point. He worked hard to master his craft and make an impact on the Hip-hop scene. It's not like he was born a hip-hop artist and millionaire, he made a name for himself. 
That argument doesn't work, though. At no point he is claiming either song sampled, or any song sampled in his discography, is his work. No artist does that. That is what credits are for. 

All you have to do is just say you don't like him, these arguments make no sense.
Perfect example. The thing is, he made it into a composition. Creating a beat alone isn't really anything but intertwining it into the music you create is what differentiates great producers from good ones. Sampling is his thing, sure, but what comes out as a result is completely original. 
[deleted]
I was explaining *why* I don't like him. Fair enough if it doesn't make sense to you personally. I thought my last post was pretty clear.

At present, there are legions of clueless Kanye fans who upon hearing the original track will be all "They stole that from Kanye!".
I guess we all have different tastes, and perhaps differing definitions of "completely original".

If you enjoy the Kanye version, I'm happy for you. Personally I can't stand it.
if you make something that a lot of people consume... why should you not get your share?
Hmm. In the capitalist economy we live in, its hard to say that. I think we all deserve to be rich, all he did was cash the check. 
Fucking socialists

lol
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/bodybuilding] [Be Swolax \[x-post from /r/motivation\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/3ke8qm/be_swolax_xpost_from_rmotivation/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)

"A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for" - Grace Hopper 

An American computer scientist and United States Navy rear admiral. She was one of the first programmers of the Harvard Mark I computer, and invented the first compiler for a computer programming language.
Life is about overcoming the odds and living long enough to pass on knowledge to the youth. Cowards want it easy. 
Because it shouldn't be. Nothing should be easy, including happiness. 

I like this one thanks!
I don't like this quote. yeah but have you ever been last at a run? i was two years ago. it sucked. you keep telling yourself you lapped everyone on the couch, but it doesn't work.

what it does do though is give you a goal, to do better. This year i did that, beat my old time and wasn't last.

Don't worry about what position you place, just worry about doing better than last time.
I like the thought, but hate the pretentious signature at the bottom. You took a shot of a damn fence and typed in a nice saying, it's not a damn painting.
Sorry it unmotivated your experience.
I really liked the quote. I just like to complain, it was barely even worth commenting about it but it bugged me just enough. I need to care less. Well, about these kinds of things. Caring less about everything ends up in less motivation.
My wish for you is to care deeply about all things (within reason). : )
I will strive for that end :D

0o0o0o I like this

So true.. no matter how often we forget
Thanks Sheryl Crow
I am thankful for fish sticks. 

Why, OP? Why would you put a comma in there?
Good, now I don't feel regret for smiling when the old lady next door fell while taking the trash out. Thanks Twain. 
unless you are a pedophile? 
Man fuck Mark twain hehehe (:
Why, OP? Why choose a background that messes with your eyes?
This is the bigger issue! I couldn't even see the comma because my eyes were having trouble focusing! 
Haha the comma is in the title, gee 

Taxation is theft is an odd one
"Could you repeat that last one?" 

" Don't give up?" 

"No, the one before that." 

"Oh! Yeah, sure. You're going to get through this buddy!" 

"No, no, no. There was another one in there." 
"
I'm not sure I know what you are talking about?" 

"Alright, fine. Whatever. See you later Libertarian Gary. Thanks for the encouragement!" 

"No problem Steve!^taxationistheft. See you, later!" 

"What was that?" 

"I said I would see you later :D" 

Number 7 changed my life!!!
One of these things is not like the others
> Taxation is theft

Uh what? That doesn't belong in there.
u/here4dafreefoodnbeer confirmed AnCap #NoStepOnSnek
We need to be taxed, but maybe not so much.
[removed]
Like finding a maggot in a candybowl.
snuck it right in there...
It's just a crappy bullet point picture. Get mad over something worth getting mad over you turd. 
Unexpected libertarian-ism 
That's my point. It IS a crappy bullet point picture and I don't really think it's a good addition to this sub. It's fucking stupid. If you all need shit like "You're beautiful" to be motivated, then no wonder you guys aren't accomplishing anything. 

And that the fuck is the taxation is theft bullet for? It's an idiotic random list.
Don't be a prick. It helped me out the other day and apparently helped others or it wouldn't have been upvoted. You calling people fags and saying they haven't accomplished anything isn't a good addition to this sub. The tax piece was to be funny if you needed it spelled out for you sir. Now please keep your bi*ching and complaining to your youtube comments. 
So you are telling me that reading a bullet point saying "you're beautiful" helped you!? Be honest.

You are seriously saying that with a username like Here4DaFreeFoodnBeer, you found help  from a list that says 'you're beautiful,' and also, just for shits-n-grins, threw in a tax opinion, helped you. 

The tax thing wasn't funny or clever. The list looks like it was put together by a foreign dude, thinking of shit to say that makes most americans feel better, but he lacked the context to actually know how to work it.

What the actual fuck is going on in your life where that helped you?

Read this outloud to yourself and evaluate the choices you have made in life. 

Please tell me you are a slightly chubby chick that was having an off day.

Because if you are a guy, then um, you got bigger problems going on than arguing with interweb strangers. Change. Your. Life.

Did you just assume my gender? 
> Please tell me you are a slightly chubby chick

In case you are a girl

>Because if you are a guy, then um, you got bigger problems

In case you are a guy

So no, I didn't assume gender. You know, we just have different opinions. You seem cool with non-monogamous relationships, and I am looking for a monogamous relationship. 

We can agree to disagree, ya know? The huge influx of non-monogamous postings on datings sites annoys me as I search for a monogamous relationship.

Honestly, I have more a problem with the sheer number of overweight people than poly's. America is getting fat. And that one does annoy as in it affects my life because finding normal sized (not counting that most call fat normal now) women is getting tough.

But I will make an assumption. Me being annoyed by fat people probably saddens/annoys/irritates your or something. 

You and me, we're different. Boy or girl. And that's ok.

And if you are overweight or annoyed by my judgement of overweight people, I make no apologies. I find overweight people unattractive. Just like lots of people find me unattractive because I am thing. It's not personal, it's just preference.

But this is my problem with quaint sayings like "know you're beautiful." Because if you are fat, and you think like that, you will be less inclined to change your life or become more healthy.




Ok bud, this is how it is. Agreeing to disagree is not what your doing; however, being a judgmental pampas jackass is. Your point of view that your better than anyone in this sub by judging or adding your unsolicited advice is f*cked
Ok, bud, this is how it is. I never sad that my point of view was better than anyone in this sub. You are mighty annoyed by someone disagreeing you. Relax.

I'm not attracted to overweight people or a poly lifestyle. This has no affect on your life. Relax.

It's fucking reddit, which is a public forum. So I, and you, can say anything we want. Why are you getting so upset?

I didn't think OP had a good post. My point of view is different than yours, don't get so bent out of shape.

Guess what? I'm skinny and PLENTY of girls aren't attracted to skinny guys. Why is it so terrible that I'm not attracted to overweight people or poly lifestyles or lame feel good sayings likes "know that you're beautiful"?

I don't get pissed at you for your preference, I'm thinking they shouldn't get pissed at me for my preference. Calling me a jackass because I am not attracted to fat people seems sorta unreasonable.

Shhhh, lots of people aren't attracted to fat people. They just don't say it. Shhhhh...

I respect your opinion tho, so no worries. Let's kiss and be friends, yes?

Looked painful
That seems pretty high to make a dog jump from especially since it will take all the impact to it's stomach.
Well, looks like I'm not the only hesitant one.
JUST

DO ITTT
Says a guy who's never belly flopped from 30 feet.
I'm so glad my dog has a lifevest now because I wouldn't want him swimming there without one
Ok that's it.  You guys convinced me.  I'm reporting this incident of animal abuse to the authorities.
Does anyone know the original source to this?
What a silly dog. I thought dogs like to swim. 

Well, whatever, I still hate them 
[deleted]
Don't forget the impact on the back as well.  It can shift a disc in their vertebral column and essentially make them lose motor skills with their hind legs.
Awww commonnnn... jump!  Come get the bone.  Commeeerrr.  Here's your bone!  You know you want it!  :)
What'd the dog gain here? Back problems?

Are you a Mexican or a Mexicant?
I'm sorry, I don't get it, could anyone please explain it to me?
Well basically it's saying even if you think you are trash, you can still achieve great things, since trash goes in a garbage **can** and not a garbage **cannot**.
Get it? :P
sorry, I think my English is too bad xD but I'll upvote you for the effort


What an incredible photograph.

Is this actually from a song? I've never heard it, and it's neat! 

Who knew a bot could be so deep...
That's... touching. Wow. 

qkme_transcriber you beautiful bastard you
[deleted]
It's already on the internet

when life is dragging you back, it means that it's going to launch you into something great? really? I appreciate the sentiment, but these awful metaphors need to stop.
Bit contrived.
Yeah. Bullshit.
I feel like I should just go back to bed now.

Jesus fuck.

That fucking font and color, really?

Here's a shortened version as an example of how to do this properly: http://i.imgur.com/kNDb5GT.jpg
There can't be good without the evil. 
And here's another

http://i.imgur.com/MSwHejn.jpg
i know i puked
Even better.
[deleted]
As someone who is colorblind, yours is literally impossible to read.
I'm sorry if I seemed like an ass. I did find the font hard to read though, along with the picture's general aesthetic, so I responded to the comment with a version I'd seen recently. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. 
The comments are trying to help you make better memes but somehow I don't think they fit into the kind of help mr rogers was talking about

Anyone have a wallpaper sized version of this?
Bring an umbrella anyway.
No - bring some sunglasses despite its raining.


The 4th C, is for, commas.
Love this

Tell this to the man with a small penis. 

While I agree with the image I have to point out that [the Buddha didn't really say that.](http://fakebuddhaquotes.com/there-is-no-path-to-happiness-happiness-is-the-path/)
Doesn't seem legit. Too new agey. Also puts happiness as the goal when buddhism, iirc, seeks the annihilation of self so that you can be removed from the pain of the world
Yep. That's how you reach nirvana. 

Source: Buddhist upbringing.
It always struck me as a very self hating view. Blames you for daring to want happiness and says that you won't be happy until you have utterly destroyed yourself.
Not self hating, but that...it sounds cheesy but it's kind of like what's supposed to happen in star wars. Once you realize perfect balance you can escape the cycle. 
Its not really meant to be seen as destroying yourself, but rather transforming yourself to something beyond changing states and thus beyond suffering.

Reminded me of Office Space 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcKi_XW79bQ
Yeah, worst day of your life so far doesnt mean there cant be an even worse one in the future but its always good to be positive
Or even worse..
"It can't possibly get any worse"
flawed logic, but i like it
Yeah this doesn't actually make any sense.

Now that is motivating. It is sad though with Ali's current state.
Now why would you do something that makes you miserable?
I have to think he was employing hyperbole.
Because the result is worth it.

"Make death work hard" Fuck that's a good one. Chills.
Couldn't have come on a better day :-)
Rip Ultimate Warrior
this is amazing.
living like you are already dead??
fuk dat

[unless, of course...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcKi_XW79bQ)
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:

#***Rafiki The Wise***  

>***Post Title:***  *R/Adviceanimals with some surprising motivation* 

>***Top:***  *IF TODAY IS THE WORST  DAY OF YOUR LIFE* 

>***Bottom:***  *THEN YOU KNOW TOMORROW WILL BE BETTER* 



[Original Link^1](http://imgur.com/2UY4bIV) | [Meme Template^2](http://imgur.com/memegen/create/2UY4bIV)
Obviously this doesn't really make sense as it could just be the worst day so far, but if you don't analyze it too much it gives you some motivation.
Worst day ***so far.***

Guess I should go to bed...
Yeah! I found this one a wee while ago and the effectiveness of it is rather surprising. Go us.
Anyone want to link to a higher res one?
Hey! That's my desktop, too! :)
Says the lazy dog lying in the snow. 
And I should get back to my research paper
yes please!

Can i get a version of this with about 53.7% more jpeg?
Unless you're act like a selfish dick.

It's good to be self aware of your actions so you don't do bad things accidentally.
I'm pretty sure Hitler followed this advice at some point. 
This is shit advice.
Grammar fail. That's all I can see :/
Unless you're straight and they're the same sex.
>Can i get a version of this with about 53.7% more jpeg?

[There you go!](http://morejpeg.com/Image/View/43963b29-7c1c-e711-80e2-816ff0a4276e)

^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot
Clearly the depth of this meaning is wayyyyyy over your head. 😂👌
Oh god I didn't see it at first now the more I see it the more it *disturbs* me.
He's 100% right.

That's also not some profound statement...at all.  I'd assume that a majority of people who say/think/act on that logic - are probably assholes.


It's interesting, having this same conversation on Facebook, but all of the people are positive minded individuals and all have the opposite perspective - you should surround yourself with some better people if that's how you view the world :)
No, it's not interesting...

It isn't a matter of perspective, it's simply the reality of the world we live in.  Most certainty the culture in the USA. (you may not be in the US)  

If people have the attitude that if other's don't like something about them - they can **fuck off**...chances are pretty good they are an asshole or at minimum an inconsiderate person who lacks a fair bit of accountability or introspection, like I said before.

I'm not a pessimist, but I am a realist.

I don't disagree with the premise of "stay true to yourself and your values"...

...but I do disagree with "You don't like me?  Fuck you."

Not sure where you see the positivity in that. 


That being said, I'm sure you're a nice person.  :)
 
The other side of that coin, though, is if someone is trying to change you and doesn't like the way you are, they can fuck off. 
Nobody else has the right to say you should lend them more money, or cater to their every need, or dress a certain way... that all falls into the same subject. 

So, I think there's many ways to look at it 
> Nobody else has the right to say you should lend them more money, or cater to their every need, or dress a certain way.

**But**, I do believe people have the right to tell you if you misbehave or act inconsiderately.

For example, if someone is very sensitive about their weight and you bluntly tell them "You look fat as a whale" you're not being sincere, you're being mean. Or maybe you want to be 'unique' and start wearing whatever the hell you want at work even if there's a dress code.

It's not about sugar coating everything you say and following orders, I believe this is about maintaining your *identity* while also being self aware and respectful towards others.
> The other side of that coin...

That's not the other side of a coin, because...


>**if someone is trying to change you** and doesn't like the way you are, they can fuck off.

...that's not at all what the quote you posted said.

Plus, your "other side of the coin" is basically just repeating what I just previously posted about how I'd agree with "being true to yourself and your values"... either you didn't read what I just said to you or one of us is having an issue comprehending. 


You're telling people your post is waayyyy over their head, yet it seems you're the one having an issue understanding.

You posted something and I made a comment based on it...now you're making up qualifiers and trying to add context that doesn't exist.

What you posted clearly states "Don't like me?  Fuck you."  

And like I've said twice already, people who act like that have a fair chance of being either closed-minded or an asshole.
That's just another way of looking at the quote 

Loved it! Read the whole aloud to husband, whether he liked it or not, I do not know...
Meh...
[deleted]
didn't fit in here?


It's way way way better to date a woman who doesn't know she is beautiful.  Much less ego to deal with!
One could argue that everyone has hips, but the line seems to indicate 'curves' and by contrast skinniness isn't sexy, which is still a judgement based on a woman's body that alienates/offends a large group of people.
Trick is to find one (man or woman) who knows it and leaves ego out of the equation. 
Too true. 
My search is ongoing

I needed this. Thank you.

I work in Employee Development. I wish I could post this at work, because I think most employees would get it. Unfortunately, I can't post it because of the language.
I feel like this is coming from the wrong person. Is standup really a job? Anyway, if something makes you unhappy dont just keep going with the hope of better days ahead - adapt, change and do what you want and get out of life what you need!
You could post it in your office behind your desk maybe?
I'm going to post this at my work hahaha

But, but, but... Not to disagree with the sentiment, but it *does* matter which slice has more toppings and which is bigger. Unless the pizza is all for me. And even then those will factor into the order in which they are consumed. :/
Yeah, I generally grab the biggest slice with the most pepperonis..
I always save that piece for last. And if I'm sharing with someone I really like, I save it for them.
I always eat those pieces at the beginning. Because at the beginning they taste the best. At the end you got used to the taste. 

That's all well and good but I'm not living I'm merely existing. 
Thanks for trying though cobber muchly appreciated
This might just be me, but a hook up with someone after a break up has always made me feel better. It lets me know that there are other fish in the sea and that I'm desirable.
It gets better.
This put the first smile on my face since a harsh break up after 6 years together. 
I wouldn't say I'm coping, but this made me feel better. 
Thanks.  It  did help.   Will be setting as desktop background.  
By no means am I looking to just exist, but it definitely hurts to lose that special person. Things just take time to get back to normal
Idk, I just don't have that in me at this point. I used to have no problem being single, but after this girl it's all just seemed harder. Instead of hook ups I have just been living life and doing awesome stuff like skydiving, sideline passes to the Dolphins game, and really pushing myself to new limits in the gym
Yes it does!
Hey brotha, whatever makes you happy eh? I was just a horny teen the last time I had a rough break up. Your approach might even be better! 
Everyone has their own way to cope. No judgement either way (:

Very cool, my friend does this with dry erase marker so she can see herself still
Not long ago I wrote by finger "Limitless" right above the area where I usually wipe the steam off the mirror. Everyday I see the rough outline, it's a reminder that I can do anything if I dedicate myself to that goal.
Your friend needs another one that says "treat yo self!"
It would be easier with that clear pill!
That was only some of the ones I could get in the picture without having to upload a second picture. 

Awesome quote. Who said it?
We can do it!!! 
Was just moved to tears at work. No shame.

Unless of course, you profit by blaming someone else for your faults.

This from the guy who turned down Django because he didn't think it was the lead.
But How Can We Love People If People Aren't Even Real?
I've always wondered this: How did someone as smart, as talented, and as awesome as Will Smith end up with a son like Jayden?!!?
Does this rub anyone else the wrong way? He must think normal people's lives are pretty dull if we need celebrities to get through our day. Comes across as self-important which also makes it a bit hypocritical. 
If he wants to help people he should put his money where his mouth is and challenge authority and revolt against our oligarchy but no he is another puppet or pied piper dancing and fluting through the town to keep spirits high so they cannot understand their enslavement to a system that does not serve them. 

If you doubt me why do you get that sick pit of your stomach feel when you see a cop behind you? Why do you work 2 of your 5 days a week for the Feds? Why is every media channel pumping out trite vapid crap? Why is your education inferior to 70 other countries? 

You are ignorant if you think otherwise. 
From the guy who puts his son in roles that drastically reduce the quality of the film to the point where a lot of people don't even watch them.  That being said, I still think he's an awesome actor.
Generation gap.
How Can Our Kids Be Smart If Our Dads Aren't Real?
I thought he was talking about art
To be fair, it's his son.  I will absolutely use whatever connections I attain in this life to give my children the best opportunity to succeed.  Can't fault a man for that.  

http://5secondfilms.com/watch/test_notes

Ugh, just link the video

Made such a great quote.

It's called [kintsugi or kintsukuroi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kintsugi)
All I need is gold

It sucks when these smart asses go the extra mile and ruin it for the others who actually work hard for the extra mile. 
That extra mile is absolutely the path less followed.

And then get rejected every time...
That's the thing, there are tons of people not savvy enough to know any better who will totally say yes!
It's fine. Things will get better when you get to the eleventh ;)

Woah, I never realized is said "do it for her". Don't know how I missed that.
This made my gf cry a little.
I remember seeing this episode. As much as I don't like kids and don't have one, it sorta makes me almost tear up. 
it is hard not to feel something when you see that.  I have a 5 year old boy, and this definitely applies to everything I do in life that I don't necessarily want to do, but I do for him.

holy shit. that unexpectedly gave me goosebumps!

thanks for sharing
This made me want to push people off a cliff.
This..made me feel very uncomfortable
In a beautiful mountainous landscape, we can see a cliff high above the ground, offering a panoramic view over a vast land.

Teacher, facing a small group of what could be elementary school students:  *"Come to the edge."*

Students, standing in a safe distance from the ridge, looking slightly anxious:  *"We can't. We're afraid."*

The teacher is making an inviting gesture:  *"Come to the edge."*

  *"We can't. We will fall!"*

  *"Come to the edge."*

Close together and holding each other by the hand, the students step forward very slowly, clearly uncomfortable with the situation. The first of the students are a few feet from the edge now, but still appear to be hesitant.

The teacher looks unconvinced with their slow progress:  *"Come on!"*

With a firm swipe of his arm, he starts pushing the group towards the edge.

Several of the kids begin to stumble. The next moment, the first kid begins to lose contact to the ground and with a shrill cry, begins to fall, dragging the rest of them with him.

As the teacher is watching this with glazing eyes, the kid's cries turn into cries of joy, as they spread their arms and start flying through the air effortlessly, going in circles around each other and enjoying themselves. The whole scene appears to be covered in a strange blooming light.

After a short while of watching with a wide smile, the teacher turns around and walks away merrily.

We're back to the shot of the beginning, viewing the teacher in the distance, walking away. The cliff is in the middle of the picture. As our eyes move downwards the wall of rock, we see what appears to be human extremities caught in the cracks of rock and branches of the sparse vegetation. Splashes of blood cover the surrounding area of each. All the way down to the bottom, we can make out several human bodies, some with extremities torn off, all lying in pools of blood.
Me too! 
Are you a bird? This quote works perfectly for daddy birds teaching their young ones to fly.
http://img.pandawhale.com/82287-Starsky-Hutch-DO-IT-meme-PQXx.jpeg 


glad I wasn't the only one!

good way of putting things in perspective

however, I would venture to say that it's not so much that we don't care about something (because then we probably wouldn't work at all for it), but rather the ratio of work to favorable outcome.

Working hard for something we don't care *more* about is called stress; working hard for something we love is called passion.

This title can be take more than one way.

I think people in general should be more liberal with praise and offer compliments. A quick statement can bring a stranger great happiness. 

This is one of my biggest problems 

I mean sure, he's nervous... but on the surface, he looks calm and ready
new desktop background. Thanks friend, made my day
Jake?
I love this
...vomit on his fur already, mom's spaghetti

This is actually a great sentiment.  People go through life thinking that excellence is an *act*.  There is a great quote by Aristotle:  “We are what we *repeatedly* do. Excellence, then, is not an *act*, but a *habit*.”  I never used to think much of this quote, but the more I think of it, and especially when I waste time with things, I realize that I'm just not contributing to what I want sometimes, and try to change it.
This is so true. People often look at those who seem to have an incredible work ethic and wonder "how do they motivate themselves to do that every day?" But it's not a question of motivation, it's a question of routine and habit.

Routines and habits are what separate people in all spheres of life, and having the right routines and habits truly is *the* secret of success.

Where motivation matters is when it comes to taking that first step. The secret to getting ahead is first getting started. And all that requires is making the decision to act.

It's all about getting something in motion, and once it's in motion, it gets harder and harder to stop. 

The struggle is in those early days, as your old habits resist the new ones that you've identified as being key to getting where you want to be. Once you stick with it through those early challenges, you'll soon find yourself at a point where it's harder to break the new routine than stick to it.

We are creatures of habit, and those habits define who we are. And the best thing about that is that the behaviors we want can be habitualized by anyone. You just need to take that first step, and understand that if you stay the course, then what you want to be second nature to you a lot sooner than you think. It won't even feel like work.
Can someone make/find a wall paper of this?

Needed this, badly! Fractured ankle has taken me away from my unit in the Navy, and struggling with self-worth. Thank you!
This is the first thing I needed to see today. Heartbroken.
Thank you. I needed this reminder today. 
So be it. So it is. I always aim to make everyday of my life a success... So that a year from now I can look back and everything's changed for the better. 
This helped at ton today, thanks :)
[deleted]
I am sorry to hear that, really I am, because I have been there, still am. When you are not happy with yourself, it is hard to escape that reality. Sometimes, just talking to someone might help. I always held my emotions in, I am a male, and growing up I was taught showing emotion as a male is weak. This was in the 90's, USA, not by my parents but society as a whole. I can't tell you why you do not have a job, nor can I tell you everything will be OK, what I can tell you is, you can PM me anytime if you need someone to chat with. You aren't a loser.
What was your concentration in school? Have you considered moving? Life is about taking risks  


SWEAR A LOT
And be humble for what you are :)

The problem with this generation is that you all say "fuck" too much.
[So basically] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNQMb_xlGcQ)
The first thing I thought was why. 
wtf
*fucken swear a lot. 
Yeah, this is not the best advice. Be yourself not a beast. I find it funny that imagery of wolves and lions is necessary for motivating in this. Humans are the apex predators. Be human.


Not a great title, but a really inspiring quote. 
I'll do what others can't if I were on steroids too. 
My thoughts exactly.

Weak 
I don't fuck moms though.
I don't want to be eaten. 
I think CT Fletcher should do an audio recording of this.
Then how are we going to shit possibility?
That would be amazing

Guy in the black definitely gave up.
lol is all i have to say
What dumbasses. That should have clubbed the shit out of the fish first. 

I mean... it's really more like a bird that doesn't see the use in flying. Also that picture is a bull.
Thanks for giving me the motivation to downvote your low effort post.
Doesn't really have the same ring to it though does it?
Ha - how do you think my effort can be improved? 


This one is so bizarre it actually made me laugh.
High blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes, and alcoholism? 
A ghost is the spirit of a dead person. We are not dead people controlling meat coated skeleton made from stardust. This hasn't motivated me at all.
Sock puppets. 
High blood pressure. I love beef jerky. 
Not being a ghost driving a meat covered skeleton made up of star stuff.
Well, I don't know, other ghosts driving meat covered bones made of stardust?
Bears
Let's have a formal definition of ghost provided. Oh wait...
ghost in a shell

The correct use of this meme would be: "You watch 3 hours of tv everynight? -> Please tell me how you have no time for gym"
For many, going to the gym is not relaxing or enjoyable.  You can't neglect leisure time.
Nothing against leisure time.. But damn 3 hours Is alot of tv
The way working out is forced on is nowadays takes all the fun out of it. I consider it work.
ImprovedGrammarBot has detected a misspelling or incorrect use of grammar in your comment.  


> Nothing against leisure time.. But damn 3 hours Is  **alot**  of tv
   
- You wrote alot which should have been *a lot*   


Comments with a negative score will be deleted. The author may reply with +/u/ImprovedGrammarBot-delete to remove this post and -ignore to be placed on the ignore list. [FAQ](https://github.com/gabrielxh/ImprovedGrammarBot/wiki/FAQ) | [Code](https://github.com/gabrielxh/ImprovedGrammarBot) | [Hate Mail](https://github.com/gabrielxh/ImprovedGrammarBot/tree/master/ImprovedGrammarBot/msg)   

Kind of.  Just depends how much time you have and how much you enjoy TV (i.e. watching local news mindlessly vs. watching a season of your favorite show with your spouse).

I mean, if you are home by 5pm, you have like 7 hours of leisure time every day, plus weekends.  3 hours of TV is easy to slide in there.
I can see how to someone who doesn't go to the gym sees it as being forced upon them. From the gym goers perspective, we just want to see people take care of their bodies. It might be intrusive, but it's definitely not something that's rooted in evil or making fun of fat/unhealthy people.
I definitely consider it work; it's not fun at all.  The only exercise I like is dual purpose exercise.  Biking, walking, kayaking, etc.  Stuff that has a purpose besides simply fitness.

repost but motivating indeed
Hahahaha. Spider shitting intense motivation made me chuckle :] 
That escalated faster than an Eric Thompson speech!
/r/spiderbro 
Why did the spider have a Jamaican accent?

Oh sorry! I should haved checked:P

I like the quote, but I don't really get why it's in /r/motivation ?
The internet can be considered a mask, with people saying things they would never say in real life; the racism and sexism on reddit for instance.
This is not true at all. When I speak to myself, it's when I speak with the harshest words. "hey fatass, hey stupid, hey ugly" is generally what my conversations start with. My brain tells me that I can't do something, that I'll never be able to accomplish something because I'm a fatass, I'm stupid, or I'm ugly. It's all bullshit. I think it would be better if we could stop being so harsh on ourselves. You know how they say "treat people as you would like to be treated", well we should start saying "treat yourself like how you would treat others", because no one is ever going to be as harsh to you as yourself. 
Maybe to motivate one to not need to hide behind a mask to tell the truth?
I think it sort of parallels what people do online. People won't say what they really think if they're seen in person, but when you can't see who is talking, people will say anything they want, since they aren't fearing being seen. 

A queen would make more sense since that's something that's actually possible.
This tells me I see myself bigger than I actually am. So yeah, not really motivating...
If you don't wanna get motivation from this sub then why do you subscribe to it. I feel like I see this kind of stuff here all the time. A lot of the comments are some smart ass thing about how it's not actually motivational. 
Take some motivation from it... Clearly you can tell what this image is aiming for. See yourself confidently, powerful and worthy like a king with the world in front of you, don't think of yourself as a weak pawn and submit to the world because you think you're insignificant. 
If you want to play smartass class clown you can always find the fallacies in any image/analogy/meme that's meant to be inspiring. 
Don't mean to bag on you man it's just a common theme I see in this sub and it's kind of annoying honestly. I get that a big part of Reddit is comedy and sarcasm and smart remarks but I also feel like that waters down certain subs like this one. 
Ultimately what matters is how you choose to look at it. 
does that mean i'm even smaller and uglier in reality than in the mirror?
*meant to be a reply to u/FelixvW
Don't live to other people's rules, man! Break the mould!

You can castle diagonally if you want to!
but you could also argue that pictures like this do very little (if anything at all) to actually motivate anyone. there's much better content that achieves this, and I feel that stupid pictures like *this* is what waters down the sub. like 'oh wow, I'm a king!!' is so naive and simplistic. just makes me think this sub is completely useless rather than an actual source of motivation. 
**THIS IS MADNESS!!**
Personally I got a little "hit" of serotonin when I saw this. Reminded me to stay positive and see the strengths and capabilities in myself as I go through the day. Really depends on how you look at it of course, but on any given one of these images you'll see the comments of people taking it too literally or making some sarcastic remark about it.. and yes I agree there forsure are some dumb memes and stuff like that on this sub but I think a lot of people just automatically look for reasons why any given post is stupid/unrealistic/or they take something too literally when you can clearly tell what the intent was from whoever originally created/posted it. 
okay I guess there are two schools of thought on this, but you feeling a serotonin hit is no less valid than others who crack jokes about it, because to them they get nothing and in fact feel that these sort of posts detract from the sub. it's why many subs ban photos altogether, because a photo is quickly judged and leads to more upvotes than text or links, but doesn't usually lead to interesting discussion since it's much less complex or open to interpretation. I mean look, this is currently top post here, but is it the most valuable piece of discussion/introspection/insight? I don't think so. but I can appreciate some people like it and derive value from it, I just also wouldn't judge those who joke about it, because for many like myself, these posts are just annoying, frustrating, and a waste of time
Ya I see what you're saying definitely, I'm just saying it almost seems like a common theme on a lot of these posts are just a lot of comments with the pessimistic way of looking at things on a sub that's supposed to be motivational & uplifting 


Never thought about it this way but it's true


This doesn't even make sny god damned sense.

"You will be where you want to be." ... because s bucket is full?

Oh for fucks sake already.
It makes perfect sense. It's an analogy. Each day of working towards your goal = 1 drop of water. When the bucket is full you have achieved the goal. The point is you may not see results or progress everyday but if you keep going eventually you will see how far you have come.
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/63890863.jpg
Stttttrrrrrrrretttttchiiiiiiing iiiiiittttt...

I've never really liked the "if today were my last day" thing.  If today were my last day, I goddamn sure wouldn't be showing up to work and adhering to my budget.  I understand that the idea isn't so much "if today were your last day" as much as it is "carpe diem and stop putting off things."  But it's still poorly worded.

Also, checking email is kind of part of my work, so that's not a really valid one for me ;P
Re. Mark Twain's advice - I've found that the opposite works better for me i.e. tackling the smaller problems first. That way, I'm actually doing something, and it's easier to tackle the big problem later on without the other smaller problems orbiting around it.

And how to [Create a habit](http://assets.goop.com/222/HowtoCreateaHabit.jpg). I subscribed to [Goop](http://goop.com/journal/be/222/habits?utm_source=goop+issue&utm_campaign=ed5a9d0bc3-Goop_Issue_222_25_04_2013&utm_medium=email#makebreak) and they have some helpful motivation tips from time to time.
hey man, can you post this to /r/nofap? This woulda been awesome when I started and they would love it, plus you get free k. I will if you don't

Respect, yo.
So true

I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/livetowin] [If it is important to you, you will find a way. If not, you'll find an excuse : (from \/r\/motivation)](https://np.reddit.com/r/LiveToWin/comments/4qzkg2/if_it_is_important_to_you_you_will_find_a_way_if/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)

This is ridiculous for one obvious and simple reason... there are plenty of people who at different times in their lives are either successful or unsuccessful. 

Jeez, you could list about 50 movie stars or rock stars who were successful who ultimately ended up dead from drug overdoses. 

Or take any politician. When they are trying to get elected what do they do? They trash their opponent, criticize without any reason, think they know it all, blame others for their failures, and obvious want others to fail. 

To become President you basically need all the qualities of the "unsuccessful" side of the images. 
>This is so damn true.. 

How do you know this OP, mind giving me some of your personal experience?
Makes me feel bad to know I see myself in all the unsuccessful ones.
But here in this picture we are talking about successful and not successful people.

I also just did criticize you without any valid reason like I know it all and by doing so probably tried to make you look like a failure.

I hope you don't hold a grudge against me :(
??

Inspiration to anyone. Pushing ALL the limits.
All about perception.
Is this that guy who dives all the time?
Cool ad, thanks Nike.
If it were Messi, then I'd get it.
Ronaldo- best player in the wolrd?! ahahahahahahahahahahah
I see room for improvement in messi too.
No doubt. Christiano is just a pompous poor sport who seems to already think he is the greatest.  While Messi is humble and respected by all because he shows respect.
Because it's not like ronaldo just finished attending a gala where he said he would like to play with the best players (in reference to messi & neuer) it's also not like messi asked for a manager to be fired right?

*Let it gooo*
I needed to read that. My boyfriend recently broke up with me. There will be better ones out there. 
Heck yea!! 

Frozen reference? ❤️
My wife and I divorced.  How you doin'
Glad you can vibe with this right now 😊
Girlfriend broke up with me as well. Happened Thursday night. She’s back off to her ex after a year so I feel you. Kinda thought she was the one. Saw ya having kids and being married in a few years. 

Now I sit in bed and sleep all day. 
Of course! 
I'm alright, doing better than I expected. I think we should break up too to be honest, he's not someone I would want to marry, our values/priorities are too different. 

It's just the habit of having a partner and then not having a partner that requires some adjustment, once we get into the habit of being single then things will be easier I think. 

You will be alright, so will I. Better things are coming, I'm sure of it. 
I love your optimistic attitude. ❤️🔥

Some people have a hard time calculating risk versus reward...
Meta
yep. gonna unsubscribe now.
Well, he could probably get away with mulching and not having to bag it.
Damn i wish i was meta too

How does one find these different individuals to make friends with?
>You've gotta look outside your eyes  
You've gotta think outside your brain   
You've gotta walk outside your life    
To where the neighborhood changes.

**Ani DiFranco**: [*Willing to Fight*](https://youtu.be/Yt0J7TWNZI0)
Seeking friendships with Mexican-Americans at my place of work has opened my mind to the morals that many Mexican families carry. Work hard, respect authority, and family over everything.
 
This is beautiful.  Thanks for this good reminder.
Depends. For me, I just have to go to a retirement home in a rich and spanish speaking area.

Read this as I took a break from dusting my house. There goes that. Time to read a book. 
Love it! Thanks for sharing.👏🏼
I am allergic to dust so that means I will sneeze all my eternal life from my own dust? 
Brilliant. I need to examine how I spend my time. It's not until half your life is gone that you realize how precious each moment is. Even the clock in my bedroom sounds like it's speaking to me. 

Did not expect to find this interesting. Actually really enjoyed it. 10/10 would do again 
X-Post referenced from /r/todayilearned by /u/timdual  
[TIL a 625 lbs man tried to troll on a bodybuilding forum with a thread by asking "ASK THE FATTEST MAN ON MISC ANYTHING". He was eventually convinced to lose over 350 pounds](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4zs3fi/til_a_625_lbs_man_tried_to_troll_on_a/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)

I like it. I want the word 'Action' to be bigger. It's the most important part of this.
this guy's black on top and white on the bottom. damn, I definitely would of gone for the other way around 

"If I am not for myself, then who will be for me?" - Hillel the Elder
Alternately, a person who doubts himself is highly rational, given that everyone makes mistakes?
In stark contrast with Bertrand Russell's quote on fools being confident and wise men being full of doubts. 

By Gary Vaynerchuk. Look him up, he is one of the few motivational speakers who says how it is.
I like this
GaryVee the Goat.
Gary Vee is the man.
Thank you.

I was looking up dumb things on aliexpress and [found a poster of this](http://www.aliexpress.com/item/062-BoJack-Horseman-Animated-Sitcom-Raphael-Bob-Waksberg-25-x14-Poster-FV156/32709549786.html?spm=2114.01010208.3.178.wIxb0R&ws_ab_test=searchweb201556_10,searchweb201602_5_10057_10056_10065_10055_10054_10069_10059_10058_9881_10017_10070_10060_10061_10052_10062_10053_10050_10051,searchweb201603_2&btsid=66d61ac7-bace-4ce6-a039-9740efb4ddb1). Could help for added motivation by remembering it all the time.  
X-Post referenced from /r/quotesporn by /u/TheEnemyOfMyAnenome  
["It gets easier..." - Jogging Baboon, BoJack Horseman [1290x727]](https://www.reddit.com/r/QuotesPorn/comments/50rxur/it_gets_easier_jogging_baboon_bojack_horseman/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)


While this isn't exactly motivation, I wish this idea works get perpetuated in media a lot more. It always seems like the end product is a God given bunch of gifts, and it all detracts from the many failures a successful person had to fight through and persist. I do not believe people are ever on a fixed path. 
That's because your only as strong as the fights you take.
I feel like a lot of big gym junkies are going to take the strength part too literal 

Is bad that all i'm getting from this is that someone wants to twerk on John Mayer's dick?
That hits the spot right there!
This is exactly what I needed. EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED. It was perfect until I saw the first comment.... I will never forget your name Famie. Your ass will be remembered.
Haha yeah sorry about that. To be honest I didn't even see that until after I posted it
First thing I saw and I was like WTF hahaha
X-post to /r/trashy ? 
He did say have an uncomfortable year.

>eat people's faces off

>be a better person

ok
I like this, but it gives the impression that you have to be an asshat to get somewhere in life. Too often that's the case but I think there's another way of doing things.
Still, good picture!
It's aggressive, there are lots of 'fucks' in there and if "Be a better person" wasn't in there it would sound like a training regimen for becoming a school shooter...

Why so aggressive?
This is probably the first time I've actually been motivated in /r/motivation
I am a Beast
Don't forget to stay the course. 
You can be a better person after you bite someones face of it and it would be super easy because all you pretty much have to do is not do that again.
except chickens, you might get Hunger II
Man, I wish you didn't HAVE to be an asshat to get somewhere, then the world wouldn't be so full of pricks.  

Not being an asshat will get you a loving family/friends and lots of respect, but you'll be stuck at the bottom of the financial food chain.  Being an ungodly prick will give you money and power, but 0 personal relationships worth more than the dollar amount in your bank account.  

It's up to you to find a balance.  
Aggressive language is associated with aggressive action. Don't be so sensitive. 
Indeed, you have to find a balance. Sometimes you find someone in a great position that is actually a solid dude (or dudette) and you have to hand it to them, that's the way I'd like to do it!
You're wrong. You don't have to be an "asshat" you have to be firm and disciplined and make choices that reach your goals and put yourself before others.


I'm not being sensitive and enjoy aggressive action (when it comes to the gym and martial arts) but there are a lot of curse words for only ten short lines of text. 4 fucks, 1 shit and then there's the 'eat peoples faces' followed by 'be a better person'. It doesn't exactly reek of real confidence, more like someone just watched the UFC and god damn it, now they want to be a champ too. For about 15 minutes.

It's juvenile. A well placed fuck or shit might have had some clout to it, but there's just no economy of words. 
I don't think so.  Many of history's most successful people were ruthless, masochistic and manipulative.  Most of mankind's least respected traits will actually bring you the most success in corporate, political and social settings.  
> history's most successful people

Though I somewhat agree with you, you dont have to be history's most successful. Find the balance. That is a pretty small percentage of human beings in history. 
In the industry I work in (dance music), being a prick is a guaranteed way to shorten your career. You might gain more short term success (and its still no certainty), but the majority of people with long careers are respectful, helpful and nice. 

Oh and the absence of cocaine and Quaaludes, of course 
Regardless of the application of such a quote as motivational, I wouldn't take advice of that shitkicker if he was the last douchebag at the podium.
Here's real Jordan explaing the context of that quote: http://youtu.be/qeU3aVj6qfc?t=3m16s
I've always seen this quote by Felix Baumgartnee
and money
And the law.
[deleted]
"Don't let what other people think stop you from doing the things you love."

Yeah, it matters who wrote it.

I never got this. What does the time in which you arise have to do with success if all you can do is wait around for things to open and people to wake? 

I mean i get it if you are into fitness but then again you would still have to make your bedtime in proportion to your waking time and so you miss a huge chunk of time that could be spent with others anyway. 

Wouldn't you want to optimize your time for an increased chance of exposure to the environment that would help you succeed? 
So assume there's five hours between breakfast and lunch. Breakfast is at 0730, I should get out of bed at 0230 so my lunch time is everyone else us having breakfast. I'm not sure what I could achieve apart from fall asleep at the wheel. 
this is the worst motivational advice i've ever heard LMAO
This is bullshit.  Most extremely intelligent/successful people are nightowls not morning people.  
The only difference between morning people and night people is that morning people are so smug about it.

From this TED Talk http://www.ted.com/talks/russell_foster_why_do_we_sleep.html
Okay...
[deleted]
To be honest both statistics seem to be completely pulled out of nowhere. 
Except Albert Einstein who slept 10-11 hours each night plus daily naps.
I understand that. Would it work the other way around though?

I am always afraid of going to sleep as i might miss something and never want to do it. Then i wake up feeling like shit which doesn't really help lol.

But with health and fitness you have to get 8-10 hours sleep for max gains so i guess forcing you to sleep would be in itself a discipline?
http://personal.lse.ac.uk/kanazawa/pdfs/paid2009.pdf

looking for more as well.

If I didn't see this, I would not have decided to sleep tonight.
working on it
To do this, you have to sacrifice something today. 

Week 2 of 12 for me then.   Can't wait till week 4

PS:  What is it about a fit women with abs?  I almost fainted on that picture 
Been stalling lately, tomorrow my weight loss begins. Hopefully in 4 weeks I've made some progress.  
Remember to never skip cardio day and always eat less than what you lose, also a great tip is to tell everyone you know so you CAN'T let them down!
Keep it up, motivation is the key to success! 

[deleted]
I wish him success!
Yeah, that's a problem. I think it's got something to do with giving yourself the emotional reward for thinking of doing something rather than the actual carrying out of things.
Oh he will. He's always been the guy you can count on to stick with a plan.


I really like this because I think people forget that the small things make a big difference in the end. 

I had a friend that was really into cars and he had an old 300zx that the engine wasnt working. I think it was a head gasket issue. I told him that if he worked on it for 1 hour each weekend he could have it done really soon and save his money. But instead he waited and waited and tried to save money to get a mechanic to do or for him. But he never did. The moral of the story is that of you do a little bit a lot of times you can get things accomplished. 
[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/J6aRqPS.gifv)

---

_^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_
I'm not very good at math but I'd be extremely curious to know the amount of force that was put forth on the last block. Truly a piece of art.
Each block can knock down a block that is 1.5 times larger than itself. It was a physics video on YouTube from Stephen Morris. [Here ya go.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y97rBdSYbkg)
Hey there everyone.

Here's a story that in the most odd way possible, may motivate you.

Background: I am currently training to be in the Naval Special Forces. Yes, a SEAL. I attend workouts with a bunch of other guys, and the workouts are led by a former Navy SEAL. The dude's a hardass motherfucker who doesn't take any shit. He has a great sense of humor, he's super inspiring, and hes crazy. He makes us work like hell, but somehow makes us all enjoy it at the end of the day.

Anyway, these workouts are usually insane, just like you would expect. As a "rest," we are in the push-up position, or laying on our backs with our feet 6 inches off the ground. It's brutal. the whole time, we're just getting our asses kicked and one particular day, we were having a pretty rough workout. Instructor was mad, everybody was tired, people were doing things wrong, it seemed we couldn't get anything right.

In the midst of all the shit, the screaming, the push-ups, instructor was asking people questions. They were questions nobody would know the answer to, and that's what he wanted. A Bullshit reason to punish everyone. 

So picture this, a bunch of dudes who want to be SEALs, all doing push-ups, getting screamed at by several instructors, and the leading instructor asking us a ridiculously specific history question about the Vietnam war. 

(Quick side note, my swim buddy this day was the one kid nobody likes. He's weak, hes slow, and he is the reason we get punished all the time. His best effort is worse than a half ass effort from most of the guys. Just a complete joke.)

The instructor is screaming at everyone, astonished that nobody can answer his history question. He asks my swim buddy, the weak link, looking for a reason to kick our asses. He got one. The response to the instructors question was, and I'll never forget this as long as I live,The instructor yells this question into the kids face, and with a smirk he replies, "Titty Sprinkles," in a surprisingly accurate Morgan Freeman voice.

Everyone was in shock. In that moment, the pain all but dissipated. We were in complete shock at this response to an extremely pissed off former Navy SEAL. One person chuckled. Then another. Then everyone. We were all laughing. Even the instructor. He asked my swim buddy this; "You know you're fucked for that right?" His response was "Hell yeah. Totally worth it." The whole class gave a resounding "Hooyah!" and we all accepted our fate. 

The next hour and a half was not the workout we had planned for that day... it was torture. The best torture of my life. We laughed through the struggle and giggled at the pain. Throughout the struggle, I think everyone learned one lesson. A lesson that our instructor talked about at the end of the day. 

He gave us a speech about how much he respected that response. "That kid looked death in the face, and said "Titty Sprinkles." I don't care how much shit he sucks at working out, the kids got balls. If you guys had half his guts, then I could guarantee you would all be SEALs someday. Never take life too seriously. I know this is what you guys want to do with your lives. It's obviously a huge decision, but at the end of the day, nobody gets out alive. So when your in the midst of all your shit, when you can't handle the pain any longer, just smile. Don't take it so seriously. You'll be fine."

From that day forward, my life has been drastically different. I don't go to workouts with fear anymore. I show up, I say "Fuck it," and I do what I can to have a good time. 

Smile through your struggles, and I promise your life will be 100x better.
Dude, 

Thank you for this. Titty Sprinkles is now my new life motto. Out of curiosity, do you remember what the question was?


dude this was an awesome post! It had me laughing!
Yeah dude, the question was who was the Chief leading the platoon of the first Vietnam Era SEAL to receive the medal of honor? Pretty sure if I Google it I still wouldn't find the answer. Hahaha, the guy was his friends dad's friend or some crazy connection. 
Thank you, that makes more sense. I was thinking that the drill instructor was asking something more along the lines of "why are you here?" Or "what do you miss the most?". 

find the complaint and solve it.  Great advice for finding opportunity. 
He seems like a very humble guy and he has great insight.

Is there some context to this image that I'm missing? 

She could be running an online retail empire or playing Civ 5?
How is shitting on someone else for not wanting to be a mother motivational? Am I missing something here?
No seriously. Take a fucking break. 
She's looking at porn while having her nipples sucked.  Truly, her dream is realized.
Making abortions looks even more appealing if you ask me.
This has gotta be an Advice Animal meme.
...if your dreams are dicking around on reddit, that is.
Does it? With this one photo? Is that what it's doing? Or does this photo prove nothing at all except that typing on your laptop while breastfeeding looks very uncomfortable for both mother and child?
NSFW please
Chick is obviously browsing Reddit. 
she's just on reddit
How do we know that's not some weird Japanese sex bot? 
I wanna fuck an asian sensation
Info in the caption:

>In a recent interview with German newspaper Tagesspiegel, artist Marina Abramovic suggested that having children would have ruined her creativity. “I had three abortions b
ecause I was certain that it would be a disaster for my work,” she said. “One only has limited energy in the body, and I would have had to divide it.”

>But Hein Koh, a Brooklyn-based artist, has recently responded to Abramovic’s comments by posting a picture of herself working on her Instagram and Facebook pages while simultaneously breastfeeding her twins. “When my twins were 5 weeks old and despite the sleep deprivation and frequent (every 2-3 hours, 24-7, 45 min at a time) breastfeeding, I was still getting shit done,” wrote Hein. “Marina Abramovic thinks children hold women back in the art world, but as @dubz19 put so aptly, “FUKKK THAT”.” Read on for the full message . Read Full Story Here: http://bit . ly/2bUVGzA
No matter how tough the situation is, you can be successful, it's the picture that is motivational not her response to some article 
Yeah, don't want to be negative, but this just reinforces Abramovic's position. The woman said she'd have to divide her energies, and this woman's energies are being diverted three ways. I'm all for multi-tasking, but how does working on a laptop with two babies sucking on your breasts make you a better person than someone who decided they didn't want to give their children one-half or one-third of their attention?
http://i.imgur.com/pofkUQT.gif
Ohhhh. Working on Instagram and Facebook. Got it.
I'm just going to continue believing that she is a grad student!!! I'm a grad student myself and this is great motivation 
I understand what it's trying to say, that much is obvious. It completely misses the mark though.
Well said, and a calm and rational reaction IMO.
In some careers that is working!
hell, I spend more of my workday on reddit, facebook and imgur than actually "working"
I agree that it misses the mark. The point is that Abramovic feels that motherhood would hinder her so she wants to be childfree. She obviously isnt into kids.

So Hein Koh's reply with that picture does nothing for Abramovic. Like, good for you, you decided to deal with kids, and found you could do stuff anyway. But everyone is different. So the reply does come off unfriendly and irrelevant.


It bothers me that so much of the iceberg is over the water. It should be just the tip.
This is surprisingly applicable, people with big dreams who aren't prepared will encounter the success iceberg and then drown in all of the hard work. 

What a Coïncidence, that's exactly what I write on my condoms!
Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/3rocyd/matt_duchene_normally_has_a_little_phrase_written/
*it's

[But I should have.](http://i.giphy.com/dMc3Yon0chCa4.gif)
Not my spice, but I really like it. Basic look and very small not invasive quote

There bodies consist of sweet fructose, I'm primary consisting of fat right about now. I have a fat body right now and I'm not accepting it, hate to be that guy op but this doesn't really motivate me.
This metaphor primarily fails in that we're supposed to eat fruit, we're not supposed to eat people...
This is the opposite of motivation. If everyone followed the "accept who you are" motto, no one would grow and develop as a person.
Accept-the-way-you-are is anti-motivational

"Garbage in, garbage out."
"Shit happens" Is possibly the worst quote ever written. My ex was very depressed, she was cutting her self and was suicidal. Everytime I tried to help or find out what the problem was she just said "Shit happens", and it annoys me. "Shit happens" is not you brushing of problems, it's you giving up. If it was not for me fighting as hard as I could with my ex to find out what the problem was she would be dead now. You can't always push thing's of as shit happens, to make your self better. Because in the long run it will bite you in the ass.How good of a lesson would that be to a kid? You catch your kid smoking weed and you say to his mother "Shit happens leave him". Yea, right.
For those of you as curious as I was about the DNA thing, I looked it up:

>[Rosalind] Franklin is best known for her work on the X-ray diffraction images of DNA which led to the discovery of the DNA double helix.

Crick gives her full credit as the originator of the *data* that *led* them to formulate their theory. Data alone is not enough, or even that creditable, for discovery credit.

For example, humans collected three thousand years of data about gravity. That is, they jumped and came back down, they rolled balls down hills, they fell off cliffs and died. It required Newton to make some scientific sense out of this.

For more details about the situation and, to my mind, clear proof that Crick/Watson are to be credited with their discovery, [look to the first paragraph of this section of Crick's wiki entry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Crick#Controversy).
came here to comment "GIGO"
Franklin did a lot of X-ray crystallography. She took pictures of the DNA and personally mapped out the dimensions of the strands. She did the hard specialized work of measuring while watson and crick just summed it up and published her data before she could. 
She was dead when they received their Nobels. Nobels cannot be awarded posthumously. What did she die of? Cancer, at age 37 no less, possibly from x-ray exposure she devoted her life to.

That sounds like the recipe for a heart attack with 36
I'm assuming this is for college given the nature of this sub, but a few things bother me the word choice and the perceived difficultly of the task. "because greatness doesn't accept mediocre" would read better "because greatness doesn't accept mediocrity".  

If you feel you need to grind through college that hard that you have to read this every morning then I would spend some time learning how to learn.  If you can streamline your ability to learn and have decent time management skills then college (undergrad) should be pretty easy.   
Thankyou for posting this. U don't understand how much I needed to read this 
I don't know why but, this brought a tear to my eye. I want to be this person so bad.
i need this right now, thank you 
20th century alpha, dead at 55.  Sounds great. Go get em, tiger. 
Thank you
Think I will be reading this from now on aswell!!
[deleted]
I'm sorry I must have posted this in the wrong place. Is this not r/motivation?  
You do know what they say about assumptions right?

I didn't write this but I do agree with your comment on mediocre vs mediocrity.
This has helped me in quite a few pivotal situations in my life. Situations had I not overcome, I'm positive would be much different. Whatever it takes! 
You have to decide to ACTUALLY Decide. That means making a commitment, better yet a oath to yourself and no one else. If you truly choose to be then you will be. "I think therefor I am" you perceive the world not as it is but as YOU ARE. You don't wish that you were this person. YOU. ARE. THAT. PERSON. The greatest thing about not being where you want to be is that you can change it at anytime. Once YOU decide to. 
You're unstoppable. Go get em'!
You experience the world not as it is, but as you are.  
You're welcome. 
Thanks for the phone background man. I have a very similar image that i am akin to as well. Yours just looks better as a phone screen hahah
1. Yes sometimes you should stop and think about what you're doing. When your foot gets tired let it rest so you can kick more ass tomorrow. 
2. Success is a good ideal, but it's not really quantifiable. I've seen so many people becoming successful but still feeling like losers cause it's all they have. 
3. It's the process of starting with 20 and going breakneck speed for twenty years that puts you in the grave. 
I didn't mean to stop your motivation. If this gets you going, great! Just watch out once you're going to unwind once in a while. 
No I'm unaware what do you mean 'say about assumptions'? English isn't my first language.
it's amazing that there are times that it so hard to think about the positive things
I thought you were being sarcastic at first. Then I noticed the 5 numbers in your user name. Is it safe to say Spanish is your first language?
I want you to try something. Wherever you are. Find a private place. Stand up straight, put your hands on your hips(super man/ Wonder Woman pose) chest out, chin up, and smile :). Do this for a minute or two. Your body language has a profound effect on your attitude. Lmk if that helped. 
No I am being sarcastic I just wanted to fuck with ya 😂 But I'm serious about the time management and learning stratigies, I work with kids to develop better studying skills and time management. Even if you're premed there are more efficient ways to study than to just brute force draining your mental energy.
it didn't I'm sorry
I see. But I'm not in college FYI (Graduated  with  marketing degree and MS in business analytics) I'm an enterprise sales executive in the SaaS and marketing space. I did although learn great study habits in college after stumbling as a freshmen. Your right breaks ARE important you can't pull an All-nighter and expect you brain to recall what you learned if you haven't slept(because sleep is how how your brain writes info ((like how a hard drive writes information to a disk)) to be recalled later). BUT that doesn't mean you cant learn and form the habit to have unrelenting laser like focus on what you want to accomplish (I call it putting up blinders) 

”We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence is not an act, but a habit.” - Aristotle

And I'm sure as you have seen with the kiddos you help, learning to learn, meaning teaching yourself how to form good habits is difficult. As is the act of forming a habit itself.

That's why I like this quote because its a reminder to be better than I was yesterday. To embrace and enjoy the journey while trying to get to my destination. Success is in the struggle.

Oh and btw when you assume you make an ASS out of U and ME. Haha 


Hmmm tell me about what's going on then. I'm positive this community can find a way to help. 
That's cool, but i still would of choose a better quote, maybe like Jocko Willink's 'Good' if you want something in a similar vein.  The word choice throughout bothers me because they're simple fixes that would improve the quality so much.

I also don't see habit forming as hard given my background, I see it a developing habit more as a matter of: volume, frequency, intensity because learning something is just creating an adaptation.  You play around with those variables and stay consistent and you can become average at something very quickly.  

I think the thought of not being perfect deters a lot of people from making the initial jump into a field, but it shouldn't.  For example, if i wanted to learn carpentry, I would prefer sucking at carpentry over never trying carpentry.  

And there is a clear path in learning, almost every system requires a mastery of the basics until they're very refined and by then you know a few side tricks.
last 2 weeks i just broke up with my So of 6 years, and today is my last day in my job, i got terminated :(. it's hard to even breath 
Right, for  you devolving habits might be easy. For others not so much.  We're basically saying the same thing. This just helps me keep mindset of growth. We all have times when things get tough no matter what area of life it pertains to, the overall them here I feel is not to give up when things get tough. I think you might like [this ](https://instagram.com/p/1gEDrXLEsW/) better. 
1. The way you feel now will not be forever. This is temporary
2. Count your blessings in hardship. Find things to be grateful for.
3. [Read this](https://instagram.com/p/1gEDrXLEsW/) 
4. Remember that failure does not define you, it's what you do after that does. Which means this is the perfect opportunity to succeed. Success is in the struggle!
5. [This](https://instagram.com/p/rBmuaBLEkC/) 

Hoping I helped a little. :)

What a load of shit
"Live on your own terms!" *Proceeds to tell you how to live better*
   
However I do admit that dropping the caffeine helps a lot.
Although there's probably some wisdom in here, this 50 part infographic makes me want to barf.  I think it's because we have half researched life hack bullshit mixed with a few diamond examples of true virtue and passed down wisdom. Compassion is a real virtue and does not deserve to be put next to "getting seven hours of sleep". 
"dont read the news" lol stopped reading this right there. what a load of shit
[deleted]

Uh, listen to audio books and podcasts at 200% speed? What? 
If you're a man avoid marriage.
I can´t make friends with Steve Jobs anymore :x
Not written by anyone successful.  
i would LOVE to have a news/media fast. but shit keeps happening and i don't want to be a dumb American. 😞
Haha so much of this sounds like legitimate snake oil 
And I think that one is thorough horsecrap. Pretty sure caffeine is a cognitive enhancer.

The hardest part is getting started.

Motivated me to the core lol
Dang. That's the most intense thing I've seen in a while.
Just what I needed

That kid has no concept of what having legs would be like. He doesn't know what he is missing.
Op is an asshat
It's not that easy for everyone, and hearing that might make it even harder. Smiling to cover it up isn't for the best at times 
This is nonsense, because this kid is smiling every person with severe depression should just cheer up! OP why are you using a photo you found on the Internet to exploit people's emotions? Karma?
We're all walking wounded. You can't compare one person's scars to another person's scars. They're all scars.
happy for the kid as he's probably happy to walk on his own, but forcing yourself to smile is pointless
It's humorous that his parents still have to buy him bigger shoes.
Truth. I wish I could give you more upvotes for this
I came to say the same thing. It's not fair to compare the two. All the kid knows in his life is not having legs. It would be different if he just now lost his legs, and he was still smiling. 
You should be glad other people suffer more than you!
Not necessarily. Smiling without intent nor reason has been shown to have a positive effect.
You should be glad other people suffer more than you!
they should just make him 6 ft tall already.
Not if it's forced.
Ha, I've never really thought about it like that. This kid could tower over his mates. Though I guess you'd sort of want to blend in.
That's exactly what smiling without reason means. 


crosspost /r/crappydesign

stop waiting for friday, to fall in love with you,
This is a problem I share with the Internet age. Stop researching it. Stop reading about it. And work on it. 
As much as I love this idea, it rarely makes me feel better or motivated. I usually end up thinking "YEAH! Let's do this!" then nothing changes. Deciding to be happy and spontaneous doesn't always make somebody that way.
Yeah... this is something I need to work on. I need to stop thinking about it and just do it. 
But it does make some people motivated. So stop posting comments like these to bring them down.
I guess I'm not allowed to talk about my experiences then...

Kubrick was a genius in so many ways.
Nice dude! I'm the one that scanned that interview. 

Good luck doing push ups everyday, if you're struggling to do 15. This applies to every workout without rest days. 
AFAIK, repetitive workout, without a rest day between isn't effective 
Day 1 is 15?! I think I can do like 4.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/livetowin] [Yesterday you said tomorrow : (from \/r\/motivation)](https://np.reddit.com/r/LiveToWin/comments/4rpozl/yesterday_you_said_tomorrow_from_rmotivation/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
These gimmicky workout routines ultimately damage people. The idea is great, in practice, it is flawed.

Your musles, tendons, and joints are going to be in recovery mode after working out any particular region in your body, which means it needs time to recover. If you workout the same exact area of your body day in and day out, you WILL end up injuring yourself.
This motivates me to eat chips, YOLO
Push-ups are mostly mental though. If you can do 1 you can do two or three at least. Then you can rest. Over the course of an hour and a half movie you can squeeze in 15 along with a couple bags of chips and a big bottle of pop

Also almost every exercise requires rest days. Do a proper leg day set of exercises and you will never say this again.
If you're going heavy and doing multiple sets on the same muscle group you're probably right, but a set of push-ups, lunges or crunches won't put you in danger of overtraining. 

If you're lacking in any of these areas, which are fundamentals to any kind of training program and incorporate multiple muscle groups, I don't see any harm in doing them daily.
You can do 4 sets of 4! That's 16!
My point is, if a person is struggling to do 15 push ups in a row, he clearly is not working out and this means his muscles and tendons are not used to muscle load. He will be sore after the first or the second day and every day after and any additional load will just damage him.
So let's say that I'm doing 40 reps of push-ups a day - 4 sets of 10. Is it effective?
You don't need to knock them out all out in a row. If you can't do 15 push-ups in a row, do 3 sets of 5 with a 15 second break in between. Yeah, the person will be sore the first couple days, but their muscles will get used to the load over the period of a few days, and they'll get stronger, quicker. You're not going to overtrain doing 15 push-ups a day.

But, moreso, this is my issue with this whole sub (META WARNING). The top-voted comment on a top post in /r/motivation and its basically saying "can't do 15 pushups in a row? Don't even try these."  OP took the time to curate these in the hopes that maybe it would give someone a little *motivation*, but almost every comment in this thread just tears it down.

Here's an idea... Suck at something? Do it every day. You will get better at it. That principle applies just as much to playing the piano as it does to push-ups.
So maybe let's do 15x1 and call it a day? 
15x1  > 0x0

someone should build a bridge for this great teacher! 
That's what I call "a commute".
really appreciable!
Those are some good feels.
You would think he had build one himself over the holidays...

Chevrolet asked what their customers wanted and then delivered the Chevy [Chevette] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chevrolet_Chevette)

At the same time, Honda asked no one of anything and delivered the [Accord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda_Accord).

I think this is taught or mentioned in every business school. 

Focus groups...can sometimes be a little...misleading. 

Great post!

If you hold it for a month all the water will evaporate. 
That girl from that movie *Signs* knew all about this.
Great message, just too bad that the image is pretty low quality.
I laughed so hard at this! :)

Quite relevant for me. Thank you.
Nice font!
Honestly, this helps a lot right now. Thanks!
Yes very nice font. What font is it?
It's nice font.

I am always telling this to myself now that I started taking Programming courses

About 5 years ago, we bought a house. Being a DIY-type person, I've fix a lot of stuff around the house, and as a by-product I've collected a lot of tools. Some of these tools get used all the time, like the table saw, sanders, drill press. Some of these tools collect dust (I'm looking at you, biscuit joiner). About a year ago, I bought a large format vinyl cutter for a one time project. I should have just found a sign shop locally to cut my vinyl, because after I was done with it, the vinyl cutter just sat around collecting dust. I think it had the quickest travel from opening the box to being stored in a closet of any tool. 

Every once in a while, I'd think about the cutter. "Man... it's really neat tool. I'd really like to use it for something". I'd set aside time to use it during the upcoming weekend, think about what i could possibly to, and the weekend would come and pass and it would just stay in the closet. I'd want to use it for something, but just couldn't figure out what to do. I'd sit around all weekend watching reruns of Saved by the Bell that I had seen a ton of times. Real productive use of time.

A few months ago, my wife asked me to make her some art to hang in her home office. She wanted something motivational; a reminder that she needed to be productive. I knew I wanted to make use of the vinyl cutter, but also my other tools. And just spend more time in my workshop. I ended up making [Get Shit Done](http://i.imgur.com/6P1XEfw.jpg), my first hand-stained plywood poster. It was challenging finding the right types of materials, technique and stain to get it work, but once I figured it out, the result was really impressive and I had a good time doing it.

A few months pass, and I'm back to watching reruns of shows I've watched a hundred times. I needed to get off the couch. I needed to do something, and I needed to make it more regular of an occurrence. I turned the TV off. Within an hour, I had an Etsy shop set up with just the one design, and started working on a second. I've set aside time every weekend to come up with new ideas, as well as on weeknights to create and process orders.

It's been a few weeks, and I've sold a few on Etsy, and even more in person. I've got a few motivational designs, and a few others too. I had one design sell immediately on Saturday, which was great. I'm watching far less TV, and I'm making stuff. It's a great feeling. I'm not trying to make a career out of this. I just need to scratch that itch to DO something with my time. And, making motivational artwork also helps with my motivation as well!

Please xpost to /r/entrepreneur
Where can we find your work?
Wow, great work man! Anyone know of any subreddits relevant to doing this type of work? I have access to all the necessary tools and materials and would love to do some stuff like this! I'm in Canada btw so no competition. (;
How did you decide on where to put the little heart for each of the state pieces?
Excuse me!?! Why isn't "Quit slackin and make shit happen" in your shop??? Need that ASAP! 
The adventure awaits one was the only one I really cared for, and I was going to buy it.. But it's not on your shop. What's up?
I tried buying one but seems like you only ship to USA. Shame.
I love your get shit done! Looks great! 
[Done.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/2dwjqq/i_got_off_my_ass_and_started_making_and_selling/)
Whoops, probably should have mentioned that: At my easy shop, [PLY](https://www.etsy.com/shop/Plyshop?ref=hdr_shop_menu).
Sorry, don't know any subreddits. I had enough of a hard time coming up with a name for these. I seem to alternate between posters and signs.
Figure out what the most populated city is, then choose the second most. Or... if I had any personal connection. Each one is custom made, so if someone wants one over Chicago, I'll put one on Chicago and not Peoria. 
Mostly because someone bought it and hour after it was posted :) I'll make more similar to it in the future.
It was a one-off and someone purchased it about a 1/2 hour ago. I'll do a similar one in the future, but I need to design it first. 
Sorry. I'm not planning on shipping outside the USA at this time. 
No problem. I'm sure the shipping costs would be the too much anyway.
As someone from the UK, I would have loved one of these, too. But like you say, shipping would probably cost a bomb. Shame
Likewise, was all ready to order!

The exact reason why I'm working full time now at a fantastic job and with a fantastic salary. People who say I can't do a thing are my biggest motivation in life to prove those fuckers wrong
Following the old saying that revenge is a dish best served cold, achieving success and proving those fuckers wrong is like a super multiplier. 
Someone should post a bunch of motivational phone wallpapers I'd like to get one
Can you post the download link for the wallpaper? 
I also like to live by this motto, "the only person you have to impress in life is yourself". 
My brother sent this to me. I just took a screen shot and set it as my wallpaper. 
This is the biggest I could find

http://archive.nyafuu.org/foolfuuka/boards/wg/image/1371/49/1371498756420.jpg
I wanted to recenter it slightly since the text hitting the edge was bugging me. [676x1200](http://i.imgur.com/k2ltZwK.png).
Screenshot> edit> trim
Dude, you are awesome! I totally wanted wallpaper. Thanks. 

Through my few years of dating I developed a sort of method or mentality to get past breakups like these. I've had my heart broken a few times, but I've only learned and become a better person through them. Though I have been involved in breakups and heart breaks, I have always managed to find love in another person eventually. I  created this way of thinking that I share with my friends who have had their hearts broken that all seem to take very well. I call it "The Puzzle Piece Theory." Think of yourself as a puzzle piece with multiple sides and multiple ways for another piece to fit you. No one will quite fit like Person X. They had their own way of being a part of your life, loving you, caring for you, etc. But that won't keep Person Y from coming out of nowhere one day and fitting you in a way Person X never could. Their own way of loving you, caring for you, being a part of your life. Keep in mind this next person could come out of NOWHERE! The best ones usually do. You just have to stay positive and focused. After every time I thought I could never love another person the same way, another person came into my life and brought me an equal level of happiness in a way I never considered. Sure I still think about Person X even Person W from time to time. That's normal!

My remedy for every break up is to get back to the drawing board, focus on my life, and work towards making it as best as it could be. I'm not going to die alone. You aren't either. You have to believe this. If you focus on your life and all the time you have now to do so, the results will be limitless. People like to see confidence and focus and eventually someone WILL come around again and fit you in a whole new way. So keep your chin up, focus on YOU. Not sure what your life situation is so I kept this pretty general, but it all works the same. 

I'll leave you with this quote: Your first love will feel like your last. Your last love will feel like your first. 
SIlver Lining Playbook :)
Thank you for these words. We just gave each others stuff back today, so the wound is pretty fresh. I get that way of thinking, I think that way as well. I always think at the time that I won't ever find a person that made me feel the way they did, but I always do. 

I am giving myself 24 hours (more like 20 now) to feel down and sorry for myself, then I get back into my post break up routine. Clean the apartment fully, get back to the gym more, and finally to start approaching other women. The girl for me is still out there, gotta get back at it at some point.

Thank you, though. I will be saving your comment to look at in the future.
That too. Lol


I thought their slogan was laser slice the tomatoes and don't put any meat on that sub.
What a fallacy.

[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6058 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/75542)
Being the boss looks easier. 
Can a leader pull while leading?
Third picture should be the leader in front outsourcing the three in the back.

Do you happen to know which book/speech this is from?  I happen to be a die-hard CS Lewis fan and I'm wondering if this is one I haven't read yet or if one I need to re-read cause I don't remember it.
I didn't know Louis C.K. was so poetic.
I don't know which book/speech this quote is from. I found it on a CS Lewis Pinterest board. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
To hazard a guess, I would assume "A Grief Observed".
Strange. I just read that one last year. You'd think I'd remember it. That does seem like it would fit there though.

Either way, great quote, and very timely for me no less. Thanks for posting it OP!

it is a very important thing. :)

good quote, awesome picture,

how come I can never pull off sunglasses-and-cigarette look? he looks so fucking cool, damn television magic 

The 15% guy has some serious abs or some great fat distribution to have such a defined mid-section at that BF. Most people start showing at quite a bit lower.
3% is just scary with his veins showing all over his body
I'm pretty sure I've got like 15% body fat but I'm no where near so pumped up
this chart is wrong
That 10-12% is more like 8-10%.   I'm 11% right now and my abs don't show hardly at all.
I got measured at like 7%, but I look more like the 15% guy...
Lower body fat = more jpeg
The ones under 10% look gross.  - woman here
This is body fat right
mate this chart is terrible you only see abs flexed at about 12% and the 20% picture is actualy around 15%
Supposedly [these images](http://paindatabase.com/body-fat) are clinincally verified and are pretty inline with the images above.  It also means I should throw out my [Omron fat loss monitor](http://www.amazon.com/Omron-HBF-306C-Loss-Monitor-Black)
It's all about that 25%
As a business traveller, this years goal is 20%.  But F ME it is hard to maintain a diet on the road!  When I am home for a few days then I can control myself with a fridge and stove, on the road......i fall apart 

Great pic as it gives me a little more motivation to keep working towards my goal
The people who get to sub-10% typically aren't concerned with the tastes of others, if they even ever were to begin with.
Agreed, somewhere between 10 and 15 would be the optimal in my book.
naw 20 is more like 17-18ish. 15 is a bit slimmer than that
I'm sub-10% and I just look like a skinny guy.

([Artist Huang Guofu,](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/05/07/chinese-artist-huang-guof_n_858833.html) who paints using only his Mouth & Feet.

Is that a pool of blood?
Within reason...but don't delude yourself! 
I believe I can make a peepee that big one day
I filter out r/getmotivated for a reason. shitty macros with meaningless platitudes don't really help anyone, this isn't a greeting card factory
[deleted]
lol

"Do It Now, Remember It Later"
(DISCLAIMER THAT THIS HAS EXCEPTIONS)

Very smart man.  He stutters a lot, but I think it's because he thinks before he speaks and makes sure to say the right thing.
Great CEO. Horrible public speaker
This is such bullshit. I don't see why he's so worshipped.

You work as hard as you want to work. You get ahead by taking smart risks.

Want to get ahead? Work on taking the smartest risks you can take. Keep making progress on that front.

Don't work 100 hours a week. Work to live, don't live to work.
Ehh too much work. I'd rather just win the lottery. 
Sometimes you have to work a hell of a lot to eventually learn and recognise when and how to take a 'smart risk'. 

I agree with the saying 'Work smart, not hard' in principle but it really, really isn't that simple

Fucking right.  Bitch slap life with your face.
Fuck yeah dude, rock on.
Nice dude! I turn 21 myself on Saturday :)
Nice! But did you have to share a lizard before? 
Ha! I like your positivity! Keep kicking ass.
Woohoo Finland!!
Congrats bro! 
You have my up vote. Just from the lizard point alone, you're already awesome 
Good Job!!! Keep on keepin on :)
Woot!
Do this every year! Also I want a picture of this lizard!
Haha I love "have my own lizard". 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ABg0Vnpo50#t=01m43s
>have my own ~~lizard~~ dragon  

FTFY.
Eh it's your bday! Enjoy Dude!
Happy birthday when it comes! :) 
Aha I've taken care of one for a friend :)
Thanks!
Beautiful country :D
Aw shucks :3 cheers!
Here you go dude 
http://www.reddit.com/r/BeardedDragons/comments/2soo9k/savannah_likes_posing_for_the_camera/
Woooooooohooooooooo!

There's a fine line to walk between demanding more of yourself and accepting yourself.  Too much of the latter and you're slob, intolerable.  Too much of the former and you can't relate to anyone.  As long as you're improving you should be happy with yourself.  You will never reach the ideal, but that is unnecessary to live your dreams.  As long as you're stagnant you should eschew all distraction.

But, between us girls, I'd rather see how far I can go and leave relating to sissies.  
Hahaha, I know how you feel. I've gotten this from my Dad because, even when I was in Elementary school, he would talk to me about how I could be a better person and improve myself. Sure enough, this has worn off and sometimes I feel as though I'm in a constant state of disapproval with the way I handled a situation or an interpersonal relationship.

For example, I should really call my Grandma right now. I also need to send a letter to a good friend or two that really deserve it and I haven't seen in ages. I should probably be less judgmental of another friend of mine, especially considering his shitty situation at home.

It is a never ending battle, but one worth fighting.

just tap it in....
http://www.zuguide.com/image/Carl-Weathers-Happy-Gilmore.1.jpg
Never give up.

They say success is the best revenge, so I beat DeShay up with a stack of magazines I'm in
I love the shit out of this.

I would rather learn to uncover what is actually underneath rather than try to sculpt myself into something I'm not
Where'd all the extra skin go?
Mmmm...  sweet, sweet fat shaming...  it's only appearances that matter, right?
Every block of stone has a statue inside it and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it.
~Michelangelo
Ok, so I shouldn't be indulging you, but this comment bothered me. You are either very ignorant or a troll. Either way, your words have forced be to respond. First thing you obviously don't know the definition of shaming, whether it be of the fat or slut variety. I am in no way singling out a specific person so people can ridicule them. This is a motivation subreddit, and I am simply trying to spread positivity. Two, this photo represents the power we all have inside of us to change for the better. I am on a long and hard road to lose weight myself, and this pic made me smile. So if I can pass that energy on to someone else, I will. It's idiots like you that go into forums like this and try stirring shit is what the world needs less of.
Exactly :)
> this photo represents the power we all have inside of us to change for the better

And this is where the fat shaming comes in...  it makes the astatement that if you're fat you're worth less.  It goes beyond saying that you will be  judged by your appearance to saying that it's correct to do so.

[fat shaming](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fat_shaming)  -- It's a pervasive attitude and not directed at a single person.






The one reason why I believe failure shouldn't stop one from trying to reach their goal.
"Dude, suckin at something is the first step to being kinda good at something"

 - Jake the Dog

Who knew cycling would sneak it's way into gaming

http://cyclingmecca.blogspot.com/2011/08/it-never-gets-easier-you-just-go-faster.html
http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1cmyt2/most_gamers_will_relate_to_this_picture/ (original)
this is now my cover photo on facebook, and I think it will keep me motivated for weeks to come. Thanks OP.

Sooooo.... I'll ask.

What movie is this from?
This.
Comparing myself to people I hate
Breaking Bad. It's not a movie; it's a tv series. That particular scene involves Jesse (one of the two protagonists; in the image squares, he's the younger fellow) where he's in rehabilitation lamenting on his drug-addiction past, and in return the leader of the focus group (I forget his name, but he's the other character in glasses in the image squares) talks about his drug-addiction past, too. He changed, and is now leading the focus group. 
Thanks. Someday I'll get around to watching it.

Got a clean version? :)
9/11 hilarious
the time on your phone fits pretty good with your quote 
Honestly, this is one of the first things that I've seen on this sub that is both original and actually motivating. Thanks for sharing! 

I'd probably use it as my phone background if I didn't want to keep my picture of my family there.
Absolutely love that! Haha! Going to send a message to this [app guys](quotenowapp.co) and ask them to add it in the app! Great stuff!
/u/cravingtheclarity did 9/11
Anyway you could make the text black? Its awesome and I would love to use it as a background but it jumbles with my other text on my screen
I do, just please give credit if you share :) I took the picture and did the photoshop. http://i67.tinypic.com/2112fqb.jpg
Second this! I love the perspective in that quote.
If only there was a plane in the background on the right...
Thanks so much :)
Thanks a lot! I'll be using this :)
Of course :) I'm glad you're gonna use it! I hope it gets you thinking like it did for me!

r/livetowin



*I am a bot; I link the subreddits mentioned in the title for easy navigation*
This is comforting.
Fuck ya. As a 25 year old, this is incredibly comforting.

Holy shit. Good job, that's what I call a transformation. 
That picture was uploaded 2 years ago lol. 
How often a week would you do a class? I've thought this would be something cool to try.
But I'm Indian :(...j/k...This is a great transformation... Keep inspiring!
Did you delve into pole right away? Like how heavy were you when you started pole?
Did you do an additional gym work or was this all on the pole?  I would kill to have that core strength for jiu-jitsu.
This is so amazing!! Great job
im well aware. someone asked me to repost as it was great motivation for them. i enjoy this and have still kept my weight off and am even more stronger and fit than ever. good observation. +1 internet point
I currently teach 2 days a week and train 3 days a week. when i first started i was there about 5 days a week lol. i was addicted!
Can we get an after, after pic?

And the question: What are they sacrificing?

they may just have more time to dedicate to it. A professional baseball player has more time for baseball than a college student


Ha.  I can just imagine the mess if this was posted in a men's public bathroom by the urinals. 
Beautiful quote. Always nice to be reminded

That title is confusing with no capitalization in "The Rock"
I'm sorry, but who isn't broke at 23...also he was in the wwe at 24

Rule 1: Spelling.
What are you my mom!



This is actually really helpful. For about a year I've been taking shit from a girl that's lied to me, cheated on me, and hiding countless thing from me that normally would cause a break up, all because she tells me she loves me. She doesn't love me. She's a nuisance.
this is helpful. but, and maybe i'm just missing the boat here, how is it supposed to be motivating? seems more like advice or wisdom than motivation.
You may not be missing the boat--albeit I find 'advice and/or wisdom' very motivating.

This is a much more effective version of "Live everyday as it is your last." Not everyday is going to be whatever the hell you want it to be... frankly it can't be if you are going to be any sort of success... but if it continues that way "for too many days in row" than recognizing a change is necessary is important. I like this a lot.
"...and after looking into the mirror i stepped out into one of the hundreds of Chinese sweat shops required to make Apple products, gazed down upon the thousands of enslaved children and thought that at last, I was living life the way it was meant to be" -Steve Jobs
Here he is saying it to a graduation class. The whole video is a collection of motivating talkers, worth the watch.

http://youtu.be/PQrV80Z6zw4?t=5m52s




Ahh, the exact reason I have had so many jobs.
Waiting for death. Best thing that can come.

Best words
...so i started to bet on nba games and made a retirement to stupid baseball.
And still win 3 championships after that 
Who are you to judge? 
And now he's the richest althete

Fake it till you make it? That doesn't sound like very solid advice. What about "Be true to yourself?" What happened to that?

It's about to get very real, people. It's important for you to understand this... Sometimes, in order to get what you want, you have to fake it. For example, how do you fall asleep? You pretend to be asleep. How do most people get high level jobs? Many of them pretend to have the confidence and experience required for that job. When a guy is nervous to talk to some hot girl, he knows he needs confidence. So for 20 seconds, he puffs his chest, and fakes it. That's right. Fake it till you make it people.

Don't be a fake person. That's not at all what I'm saying. You can still be yourself, but faking a little extra confidence is good for you. I keep bringing up confidence because when someone says "Fake it till you make it," that's normally what they're talking about.

Now it's time for a story.

I've mentioned this in a different post of mine, but I am currently training to become a Navy SEAL. As of right now, I'm just a big wannabe. I'm nobody, so please don't act like I have any credentials. I don't mean to steal any valor. With that disclaimer out of the way, I can continue.

We go to these workouts, which are led by a recently retired SEAL Chief. He's a badass, to say the least. He doesn't take shit, and he can be really intimidating. Everyone there is intimidating, actually.

The first time I showed up to one of these workouts, it was just a test run. I wasn't sure if I really wanted this, so I showed up and explained that to one of the instructors. He asked "Do you really want to be here?" and I said "Yes sir I do." He calmly replied "Good, then give me 50." I dropped, did 50 push ups with much difficulty, then he told me to get into the pool.

Swimming was the worst part for me. I wasn't good at it and I knew it. We're all treading water, and everyone is avoiding me in fear of becoming my swim buddy. They already knew I was going to be the weak-link new guy. Every new guy gets the class in trouble, and to be the new guy's partner is hell. (See my other post, "How Titty Sprinkles Changed my Life.")

We're doing a treading water exercise, and I was tired after a minute. Little did I know, it would be 20 minutes. Oh and also, after 5 minutes, they gave us a 20lb rubber brick to hold out of the water while we were treading. I was damn near drowning. I would let the brick go underwater while people are yelling at me to keep it out. At one point, I sank to the bottom, still holding my brick, to give my arms and legs a break. I shot back to the top when I was out of breath and continued.

After suffering for 20 minutes, they told me the warm-up was finished and it was time to get water. One of the guys had mercy on me, decided to be my swim buddy, and walked to the water fountain with me. His name was Vinny, and he plays an important role a little later.

Next, we start swimming. I found out we would be swimming a total of 2 Kilometers. Fuck me.

I know how to swim, actually pretty well. However I need to stress one thing. I never learned any swim strokes. Not one. We start with freestyle. I know how to do the stroke, I've just never done it before. So I'm swimming, doing my best to keep up, and struggling. Next is the breath stroke. Same story. After that, the combat side stroke. We drag ourselves through those, I'm dying, and I'm getting reamed out by an instructor for not knowing how to swim.

"Didn't you say you wanted to be here! What the FUCK. Fuck you. Get back in the water." 

This was 30 minutes into a 3 hour workout. Vinny could tell I was panicking on the inside. He's in the pool and swims up to me and begins whispering something in my ear. 

Quick side note on Vinny. The kid is absolutely jacked. 19 years old, been training to be a SEAL since age 10. I didn't even know what A SEAL was until I was like, 17. Anyway, the kid is just an anomaly. He can do it all. I'm a stellar runner as far as Military standards go. I destroyed everyone by almost 2 minutes in our 2 mile timed run later that day. Except Vinny, who was 12 seconds ahead of me. Swimming was a breeze for him. Running was a break. Push ups and sit ups were a joke. When he did pull ups, he thought he was actually lifting the earth instead of pulling himself up. He has since shipped, and I haven't heard, but I'm sure he made it.

Vinny is whispering in my ear... "Bro, I can tell your nervous, kind of scared. I get it, this is some real shit bro. But listen, you gotta fake it. Act like you're the shit, like you know what your doing. They can tell when you're nervous and that's how they get you. Nobody will mess with you if your confident that you deserve to be here."

Meanwhile, instructors are yelling at Vinny, "Stop talking to him! STOP TALKING TO THE NEW GUY."

Vinny ignored them the whole time, laughed it off when we finished talking to me, and took his punishment like a champ.

I don't think I've ever had a better bit of advice when it comes to doing something you're afraid to do. If you want to be someone or something that you aren't, fake it till you make it.

Walk in with confidence, constantly tell yourself you got this. If you do that long enough, the confidence becomes real. You won't have to tell yourself you got it, you will just know that you got it.

I'm now the class leader. Confidence just happens. Workouts will still be difficult sometimes, the difference is that now I know I'll make it. Even if it's something I'm sure will be very tough for me, I've developed my "Fake it till I make it" attitude so much, that I feel as though I can do anything.

Most people look at the new guy as someone who will quit and or fail. Nobody likes him, nobody has hope for him. Vinny took a risk with me. Maybe he saw something nobody else saw, including myself. Maybe he's just the biggest bro around. But because he was such a bro, I now do the same for all the new kids in my class, I give them the little speech, and I usually take a punishment for it. It's worth it every time.

It will change you life. You can do anything. Fake it till you make it, kid.
Awesome story bro 👍🏻
Incredible story. I totally agree that that is great advice. It got me through a hard part of college. My freshman year Italian professor would always say "Fake it till you make it." all the time. She mostly worked with incoming freshman and would see people come into college and start strong but melt by the time finals week comes around. I was one of the students that began to melt. I started missing classes cause I forgot to study for another class and forgot that we had a test the same day in Italian. She pulled me aside and asked if I was melting. I faked it. I said no. I pulled myself together and used that advice for the rest of my time at college. I would actually begin to like finals week and enjoy the pressure it brought on, because I had all this newfound confidence. I wouldn't melt. At the end of the day, I didn't have to fake it anymore. I made it.
Damn, what a story. Thank you for this.

This. Is. Some. Sexy. Writing. 😬
That is...really poetic. Nice!
Post this in r/pics. 
It's hard to read 
Very Gonzo. Almost feels like you were channeling a motivational version of Thompson.
Sexy is certainly not the response that I might have anticipated in posting this.  
Thank you! I'm going to go take some ether and shoot my revolver wildly into the sky in your honour. 


This is my first time here and this is the first thing I saw. You inspired me to start losing weight. Everything is just so... much though. May I ask how you did it?
You're a handsome dude. No homo.
coming from someone who was 315lbs at one point in life and now 165 starting at 19 and now I'm 26, that's AMAZING fucking progress man.

You took your time to research obviously, you're working hard, you are seriously doing so well man. Keep it up, stay strong, don't let anyone else tell you different or distract you from your goals and progress. 
Great progress, judging from your hairstyle in the first picture and your hairstyle in the second, I have come to the conclusion that you joined Crossfit
No six pack? wtf
Not him, but this is how:

Download MyFitnessPal.
Its the best calorie counting app. Set yourself a limit based on your bodyweight (there are online calculators to do that) to lose 1 pound a week. Then try to never go over the limit, record every single thing you eat, and when in doubt overestimate just in cas

While lifting and cardio are great, just remember that the number 1 most important thing to do is counting your calories, and doing it honestly. Also, if you don't have them yet, get some measuring cups and a food scale. Remember to put in absolutely everything you eat. You go and eat one grape, record it in the app. Drink a glass of water, even though it has no calories, record it in the app. Eat your fingernails, record it (well maybe not, but you get my point :D). The point is to make it a habit to record absolutely everything.

If you are consistent and accurate, the results are guaranteed to come. 

PS: For more info and support: /r/loseit
Meal prep is your best friend. Diet is one of the biggest components to my cut. Find a workout program you enjoy. I'm a former college football player so I have always been in good shape but had a little extra fat. I am starting training because I want to be a navy seal. Ive spent years in the weight room and have a good program and cardio routine. Check bodybuilding.com they have tons of lifts and programs you can try. Find one you like and stick to it. Results take time so don't give up and please don't do steroids, they aren't worth the risks and bodily damages.
Thank you

No... Cross shit where no form is the norm 
Wow, thank you for the informative comment! 

Will download it as soon as possible

Again

Thanks, man.
How do I know how many calories is in everything I eat or drink though? Say I eat 2 slices of bread. Do I just check on the packet?
Oh damn man! I've read some books about Navy Seals... You're very brave. Thank you for the reply, I will definitely check the site out and take your advice. Thank you again
MyFitnessPal's appeal is that it has a huge database of manually entered nutritional info of millions of products. So say you eat 2 slices of bread, you search for the brand and all the nutritional info will be there. On the off chance you're eating something that's not there, you can just enter the information yourself (and it'll be added to the database for future use).
Just started using it. It's amazing. Thank you.

Oh just one more thing, will I lose weight just by the set limit or do I still have to do my regular exercise?
Look, exercise is always a plus. Not only it improves your cardiovascular health, but it gives you a little room to eat a little more. For instance, running 30 mins burns like 300-400 calories, which means you can eat a little more each day and still don't go over the limit. So I'm not encouraging you to stop exercising at all.

But is it necessary to lose weight? No. All you need to do is stay under the limit. Say at maintenance your body burns 2500 calories a day (the app will tell you what your maintenance is based on your stats), if you eat 2000 a day you'll lose about a pound a week (a pound of bodyfat is worth around 3500 calories).

Some other tips: 
Try to eat a lot of protein and fibers. These food fills you for a longer time, meaning that you'll get less hungry and make the reduced calorie intake easier to stomach.

When you weigh yourself, try to do it just after you wake up so the results are more consistent (they don't depend on how much food/water you've eaten that day). Also, try not to measure your weight too often. I'd do it once a week. The reason is that your weight fluctuates a little bit, so you'll maybe way more one day and get discouraged, while actually overall your weight is heavily trending downwards. If you weigh yourself once a week you'll almost always see progress, you you'll be encouraged. Same with pictures, take before pics (which are great, and counter body dysmorphia), but not too often, no more than once a month. I don't know how much you weigh, but depending on that even one month may not make a noticeably difference aesthetically, so just trust the scale.  Also, you'll probably lose several pounds the first couple of weeks, which will be mostly water weight. This is very encouraging, but don't get discouraged when the rate slows down to what your calorie deficit says. 

Another tip: Don't go on an eating rampage when you're too hungry. If you feel super hungry, eat something and wait ten minutes. You'll be a little bit more filled then, and it will not seem so urgent to stuff yourself with food. When you feel hungry try to just feel the hunger, stay conscious of it, and realize its not the end of the world to be hungry, you can live with it, and just go on. We are so used to instantly satisfying the impulse to it that we don't realize we can go without eating for one more hour and not die :P.

Good luck!
Damn dude, I can't express my gratitude enough. I appreciate this a lot. Thank you so much for all your help. 
Do you recommend counting calories for those trying to gain weight (muscle)? 
That's what I'm doing now. Gaining muscle is a little bit more complicated than this though, because you have to count macronutrients too, especially protein (i don't really control the rest of them).

Basically, the body needs two things to build muscle:

The first one is a caloric surplus. That's what bulking is. You need to eat more calories than you burn or you just won't build muscle. For instance, you can't lose weight and build muscle at the same time. This is actually not that absolute,  very fat people can build some muscle while cutting, and there are some methodologies that may work for some people, but for most people, you can't build muscle while losing weight. What I do is count my calories and go 250-300 calories above maintenance. This is a pretty slow bulk, most people do 500 calories above maintenance, but I prefer to bulk slower as to not gain as much fat. Gaining some fat while bulking is inevitable. The least calories above maintenance you eat, the bigger percentage of the weight gained will be muscle. However, you'll probably build less muscle overall compared to a faster bulk, which will generate both more fat and more muscle. Regardless, at some point you're gonna have to stop bulking and cut for a while so you trim down the fat you gained. So go whichever way you want. Just don't bulk too fast, remember even in optimal, OPTIMAL situations, a person new to lifting can gain a maximum of 2lbs of muscle a month.

Now the second essential thing you need is to consume a lot of protein a day. The body uses protein to build muscle, so without an appropiate amount of protein the results just won't come. The usually recommended amount of protein a day that is recommended for bodybuilding is 1 gram of protein per body pound. So if you weigh 160lbs, you should eat 160g of protein a day. This is actually an upper estime that's is more on the safe side. Apparently 0.8g per pound is the maximum amount of protein your body can use per day. Here's an online calculator for both calories and protein: http://iifym.com/iifym-calculator/ 

On Myfitnesspal most of the entries have macronutrient information, you you'll just be able to see how much protein you are consuming. There's a Goals section where you can put all of your macronutrient goals for the day. Consuming that much protein can be hard. My best friends in this regard are chicken, beef, milk, oats, greek yogurt, cottage cheese, tuna (be careful with tuna, no more than 3 cans a week or you might get mercury poisoning), sardine (fish in general). I don't use it, but a way to make reaching your protein goal much easier is to buy Whey Protein (protein powder, you make protein shakes with it). Its basically pure protein, and makes it easier to get to your goals. Perfectly safe and healthy, but not necessary at all if you can get your protein from other sources.

That's pretty much it for the basics. The other two macronutrients are fats and carbohydrates, which are important but not nearly as much. So as long as you train consistently, and eat properly, you'll be fine. I didn't touch on training, but of course that's the most important part of building muscle, so get a good routine from /r/bodybuilding if your goals are aesthetics (/r/fitness is more geared towards gaining strength). 

Good luck!




Thanks for the info. Yeah, I recently got back into protein shakes but only on days I work out. Is maintenance 2000-2500 calories/day. 

Working 12 hr shifts and a combination of night/days, including most weekends, makes it very tough to have a regular work out schedule. But I do my best. 

Does anyone actually find this motivational whatsoever
The author left out the really obvious comparison.
fill it with wine :)
It described Y as perfect, yet I thought asking the question over and over is counter productive. 
Actually I found it somewhat depressing, but I liked it anyway.
[Not in my job.]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_Whys)

#####&#009;

######&#009;

####&#009;
 [**5 Whys**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5%20Whys): [](#sfw) 

---

>

>The __5 Whys__ is an iterative question-asking [technique](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skill) used to explore the [cause-and-effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causality) relationships underlying a particular problem.  The primary goal of the technique is to determine the [root cause](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Root_cause) of a [defect](https://en.wikipedia.org//en.wiktionary.org/wiki/defect) or problem. (The "5" in the name derives from an empirical observation on the number of iterations typically required to resolve the problem.)

>

---

^Interesting: [^Ishikawa ^diagram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ishikawa_diagram) ^| [^Kaizen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaizen) ^| [^Eight ^Disciplines ^Problem ^Solving](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eight_Disciplines_Problem_Solving) ^| [^Six ^Sigma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six_Sigma) 

^Parent ^commenter ^can [^toggle ^NSFW](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&subject=AutoWikibot NSFW toggle&message=%2Btoggle-nsfw+ck8jh60) ^or[](#or) [^delete](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=autowikibot&subject=AutoWikibot Deletion&message=%2Bdelete+ck8jh60)^. ^Will ^also ^delete ^on ^comment ^score ^of ^-1 ^or ^less. ^| [^(FAQs)](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/wiki/index) ^| [^Mods](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1x013o/for_moderators_switches_commands_and_css/) ^| [^Magic ^Words](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/autowikibot/comments/1ux484/ask_wikibot/)

Ok so don't over think things, but definitely proofread things. 
Everyone could use a tittle.
Tittle: The little dot over the 'i'

I would call that necessary, because otherwise, you have a really small 'l'
Fuckin allergies....
"Overthinking, overanalyzing separates the body from the mind"
Irony?
Since it wasn't needded it not even their. 

Sometimes aggressive motivation is the best motivation

Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:

#***Actual Advice Mallard***  

>***Post Title:***  *Something I've learned whenever you're trying to get better at something you need to do.* 

>***Top:***  *WHEN YOU THINK YOURE GOOD ENOUGH* 

>***Bottom:***  *YOURE HALF AS GOOD AS YOU NEED TO BE* 



[Original Link^1](http://imgur.com/TVlqzPi) | [Meme Template^2](http://imgur.com/memegen/create/TVlqzPi)
Additionally, things like professional skill level increases exponentially so it will take you 3 months to get better then 6 months to get better then it will take a year etc etc. Takes time and persistence.


[This version](http://s3.amazonaws.com/files.posterous.com/temp-2012-03-28/lacaruxjqebacaJyrdJayJgCCdheBJjCeAHaiypaiFlgEbJepbGsGkoboiJx/iraglass.jpg?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJFZAE65UYRT34AOQ&Expires=1351692766&Signature=pVG%2FlhWbEuBMgd24glBZw%2FhjnXk%3D) is my favorite but I can't seem to find a hi-res version worth printing and framing.  I've kept this on my desktop for almost a year now so that I won't forget about it.  
This is actually an audio clip. Someone turned it into a typography video things: http://youtu.be/3ResTHKVxf4
If you read this while playing the music they usually play quietly  in the background . . .you will hear Ira's voice in your head.

He has a few interview accents...
ok, there has to be a downside to all that. Stretch marks? issues with internal organs? 
It is even more amazing to see how he changed his voice inbetween the Batman movies.
For a guy. I do that during and after pregnancy, nursing and resetting. 
What motivation? It's literally his job.
He said he didn't want fans to freak out about a British Batman.
Matt Damon did some crazy weight loss for a movie and he got heart problems, still has to do checkups. Bale got lucky it seems like it could have ended badly. 
Shrunken testicles.
Its funny how he used the American accent in interviews and everything. 
I don't know why you're getting down voted but I gained almost 40 pounds during pregnancy, lost 20 in a week and another 20 in two months because if breastfeeding and having to bounce on a pilates ball 4 hours every night/evening  to soothe the baby.

It wasn't really a choice, it kinda happened. 

So I feel ya. But he really takes things to the extreme and I don't know how motivational it is. They do have personal trainers, chefs etc so I think many people would be more motivated with that kind of help. 
That doesn't mean it's not impressive.
Meanwhile other actors say they will do it and end up looking exactly the same every movie. If bale isn't motivating I don't know who is.
It looks like you got the down votes too. Dude I went from 20% body fat to 30% body fat, I've lost 90 pounds, but because it wasn't for a job that is why it's not motivational apparently. 
I just did it because I felt like it in a more casual way. So I deserve downvotes. 

wow .... well said 
Love it. Timely. Thanks. 

My goal in life is to stop posting potato-quality pictures. 
Needs more jpeg
>Needs more jpeg

[There you go!](http://i.imgur.com/9tej8yn.jpg)

^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot
Thanks Bot!

Nice pen. 
I tell myself this every time I'm about to have sex. 
Thank you! 

I was gonna watch it until I saw that corny intro. Can you sum it up?
Motivation in 5 steps
No
Watch it
He doesn't have the discipline


you too man, thank you for this
God damnit
thank you, you're awesome!

Thats bullshit.
Living up to the responsibility that has been placed upon you is one of the most rewarding/motivating things that can happen.

It's fear of failure that can lead to stagnation. 
Steaming bunch of horsepucky.
But it's motivational
To skirt your responsibilities, responsibilities which are never fullfilling. /s

 its called dopamine.
What I got out of it was go into things trying to find things you love about it rather than just doing things because you have to. Loving what you do is definitely easier than hating it.
Whats bullshit is not the doing things out of love part, but that doing things out of duty is draining. Doing ones duties is the very opposite of draining. We have this awesome thing called dopamine which is released when one fullfills ones duties. 

The type of attitude on the meme is just responsibility skirting.
[deleted]
>one's desire to do something out of enjoyment. 

Another reason the meme is bullshit. U/thegonzotrip4200 Id bet you love to smoke weed. Sure dopamine will be released by smoking, but sitting around and smoking weed sure isnt energizing is it?
[deleted]
Haha hit a nerve did I? 

Nope, dont know alot about nueroscience, but I do know by going home and smoking weed  you're training yourself to find satisfaction in substances rather than actions.   I also find it ironic how much you claim to be getting done, but are here in this sub.... need some help after that false release of dopamine dont we?

Learn to be excited by something which will build you up, rather than tear you down. The drugs dont work Gonzo.

Seriously.

Some smug cunt.
[deleted]
>Why are you trying so hard to tear me down?

You called me a smug cunt, after that, why would I treat you with any respect? I was using what was so obviously choices you make as an example, not an attack, if you weren't so self conscious about the decisions you are making you would have realized that. Have fun being a stoner gonzo, keep telling yourself you can handle it and that you're ok. 

I like this because we live in a society that frowns upon selfishness. Being selfish (as long as you dont hurt others) is completely ok! 

no i don't
Yep.
running ain't easy but i enjoy it!
x-post this to /r/running! 
Running is very easy.  Running for a long distance is hard.  
Thank you, this is exactly what I needed!

This is my mantra when I drink.
Lol! I love it.
Fitness quotes over pictures of drinking. Enjoy my friend! https://imgur.com/gallery/i0Wt7

You know I really don't want to come across as sexist or a downer...

But across most track and field events from grade school to college to Olympic levels boys/men's records are generally slightly better than women's records.

Current culture seems to argue that sports some are sexist for segregation, and jokes are made about women competing in men's events. but I'm almost certain that if a woman could compete at the same level there are teams that would jump at the chance given the potential for marketing and sales draw.  


I'm all for forward thinking and building up kids esteem, but part of me looks at commentary like this and has to feel its somewhat failing to acknowledge facts.  It almost parallels the same ignorance that is heavily criticized in politics.  

 Yes, a girl can beat a boy (my track times were horrible) but IMO you're setting up failure and animosity when you compare girls times to boys (or vice versa).  If a female runner sets a record, that's an accomplishment, not only a personal best it's also "the best."  The comparison lessens her accomplishment; do you want her to start chasing times for the men's record? Admirable spirit, but not really constructive. Not to mention, are you trying to insult male athletes by suggesting their inferior? It's not exactly apples to apples!

Social equality is one thing, but there are physical/biological/physialogical differences between sexes... it just seems like a lot of people intentional avoid or fail to acknowledge that in the push for equality.
Irrelevant. "Like a girl" has nothing to do with stats or ability. It's just a dumb thing to say.
Think the point it's trying to make is that saying "like a girl" only hurts the kid because she is a girl. Using it as an insult to rile someone up to do better does not work and is sexist regardless. 

Being with those who bring out the stress in you is developmental, like building muscles. Sometimes exercise is a good thing 
you are absolutely right.

Dream big, yet define small objectives, because if you keep seeing your dreams so huge, you will get confused and you will give up. So make a plan. It is very easy to get to top step by step than to jump directly which is impossible.
Is that blood?

[deleted]
.... wut




I wonder who the author is.
"Get rid of anything that isn't useful. Clutter weighs you down in many ways." Talks about god the whole way through it.
> 8 It’s OK to get angry with God. He can take it.

>15 Everything can change in the blink of an eye… But don’t worry; God never blinks.

>33 Believe in miracles.

> 34 God loves you because of who God is, not because of anything you did or didn’t do.

_____

41 Life Lessons it is then.
[Probably also not the original](http://heyithinkthisway.wordpress.com/2011/06/10/45-lessons-by-a-90-year-old/), but it tells the author: **Written by Regina Brett, 90 years old, of the Plain Dealer, Cleveland , Ohio**
Edit:Jeez, I had to edit that way too many times, got a warning :(
Truth will set you free but there are those who are ignorant and those who doesn't want to know.

Have an upvote.
I exhale all the air in my lungs everytime motivation becomes about believing. Why is it so hard to just be an imperfected human striving for perfection.. why the fuck does ghosts and goblins and god and moses have to get involved? I don't need that shit GREATNESS IS UPON ME!

I don't think that's how it goes.

I heard it as:
It takes 4 weeks for you to *feel* a difference, 8 weeks for you to see a difference and 12 weeks for others to see that difference in you.

And after 3 months of regular gym work I can testify to the accuracy of this.
I don't know how accurate that is but it is pretty motivational.... but what's up with how you titled the thread OP? Are you trying to insinuate that whoever made it up for attention on instagram? How is that any different than you putting it on reddit? .... confused here.... 
Calm down dude.

This is so true, and is also the reason I hate hearing the excuse "I don't have enough time" which I have been guilty of saying before. If you really care enough you will find a way, if not you will find an excuse.
The common consensus seems to be that you have to give up your hobbies, free time, etc. if you want to succeed. It's a tunnel and you have to follow it to see if there is a light at the end of it.

That's what's keeps me from doing it, because I enjoy these activities too much.

I think a far better attitude is to change your mentality and learn to *enjoy* actually working on your idea/business/whatever. If you look at the most successful people today, you can see that they are completely consumed by their business. Beethoven made music because he *liked* it, not because he was forced to for financial reasons. Same goes for Musk and Gates.

I used to be completely enveloped by a passion for creating things once. That was years ago when I was less jaded and didn't know so much about the world. But I know it's possible to become passionate again and that can be leveraged to get the ball rolling. Success is infatuating, the hardest part is getting a little to self-motivate.
Your comments really resonate with me - the idea of maximising your 168 hours is fantastic but if you are not heading in the direction of your dreams you would be better off chilling and enjoying spare time. 

I wrote the above piece after going through this process of defining my goals and implementing change. I was in a role I hated, with my only prospects being promotion into further roles that didn't inspire me.  Having spent my childhood with academic scholarships etc and things coming easier I didn't understand why in my mid 20's I was miserable. I have toyed with the idea of documenting the journey from call centre to senior finance exec in the hope it would help others but am still self conscious. 

Or die. I mean, there's a legit reason we have fears.
I don't think it's meant to be, do you jump or not jump. I think it's meant to be should I take a career chance or stay where I'm at? 
hahaha yeah, I know, but still. :D

she gets it. it's hard.
Yeah and look how that turned out for her

I wish my writing was that neat.
In that case don't limit me by saying I have one existence. I am eternal.
me too wish there was a tutorial on it or a name of the style

This is actually his reasoning behind being involved with Scientology.
I think success requires a great deal of unreasonable optimism (plus hard work). When you think about the pessimists who don't try at all, the optimist's chances for success go up.
Did Smiff really say that?
Apprently.....



 

“I have a great time with my life, and I wanna share it. I love living! I think that’s infectious. It’s something you can’t fake.”

“Greatness is not this wonderful, esoteric, elusive, god like feature that only the special among us will ever taste … you know, it’s something that truly exists in all of us! It’s very simple: this is what I believe, and I’m willing to die for it. Period. It’s that simple! I know who I am, I know what I believe, and that’s all I need to know! So, from there you do what you need to do. I think what happens is we make this situation more complex than it is.”

“We didn’t grow up with the sense that where we were was where we’re gonna be. We grew up with the sense that where we were almost didn’t matter because we were becoming something greater.”

“The separation between talent and skill is one of the greatest misunderstood concepts for people who are trying to excel, who have dreams, that want to do things. Talent you have naturally. Skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beatin’ on your craft.”

“I’ve never really viewed myself as particularly talented. Where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. While the other guy’s sleeping, I’m working. While the other guys eating, I’m working.”

“There’s no easy way around it, no matter how talented you are … your talent is going to fail you if you’re not skilled. If you don’t study, if you don’t work really hard and dedicate yourself to being better every single day, you ‘ll never be able to communicate with people your artistry the way that you want!”

“The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is I’m not afraid to die on a treadmill. You might have more talent then me … you might be smarter then me … but if we get on a treadmill together, there’s two things: you’re getting of first, or I’m gonna die! It’s really that simple!”

One summer his Dad tore down a brick wall on the front of his business and told 12 year old Will and his 9 year old brother to rebuild it; a job they said was impossible. It took them a year and a half, but they did it.
“…And he said now don’t you ever tell me there’s something that you can’t do!”

“You don’t try to build a wall. You don’t set out to build a wall! You don’t say “I’m going to build the biggest, baddest, greatest wall that’s ever been built. You don’t start there. You say, “I’m going to lay this brick as perfectly as a brick as perfectly as a brick can be laid. And you do that every single day and soon you have a wall.”

“It’s an idea that my grandmother always had that if you’re going to be here, then there’s a necessity to make a difference. She always instilled the spiritual responsibility that you have to make every group you come in contact with better.”

“I want to do good. I want the world to do better because I was here.”

“I want my life, I want my work, I want my family to mean something. If you’re not making someone else’s life better than you’re wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.”

“I want to represent an idea. I want to represent possibilities. I want to represent the idea that you really can make what you want! One of my favorite books is the Alchemist … Paulo Coehlo … and I just believe that! I believe that I can create whatever I want to create!”

“The first step before anybody else in the world believes it is you have to believe it. There’s no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”

“I think there’s a certain delusional quality that all successful people have to have. You have to believe that something different than what has happened for the last 50 million years of history … you have to believe that something different can happen.”

“Confucius said, ‘He who says he can and he who says he can’t are both usually right.’”

“Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity. Why would you be realistic? What’s the point of being realistic? I’m going to do it! It’s done! It’s already done. The second I decide it’s done it’s already done … now we just gotta wait for ya’ll to see!”

“It’s unrealistic to walk into a room, flip a switch and the lights come on. Fortunately Edison didn’t think so! It’s unrealistic to think you’re gonna bend a piece of metal and fly a bunch of people over an ocean. That’s unrealistic! But fortunately the Wright Brothers didn’t believe that … and it seems like such a ridiculous idea to me to embrace the idea that it’s not going to happen and that’s not real for that to happen. As soon as you say it, now you just made it real!”

“Our thoughts, our feelings, our dreams, our ideas are physical in the Universe! If we dream something, if we picture something, if we commit ourselves to it … that is a physical thrust towards realization that we can grip into the Universe. That the Universe is not a thing that’s going to push us around. That the world and people and situations are not going to push us around. That we are going to bend the universe and command and Demand that the Universe becomes what we want it to be.”

“I study the patterns of the Universe.”

“There’s a redemptive power that making a choice has, you know rather than feeling like you’re an effect to all the things that are happening. Make a choice! Just decide, what it’s going to be, who you’re gonna be, how you’re gonna do it. Just decide! And from that point the Universe is going to get out of your way, it’s like water. It wants to move and go around stuff!”

“You know there’s a flow of the Universe that I’ve grown to know just how to go with it.”

“I realize that to have the level of success that I want to have … it’s difficult to spread it out and do multiple things. It takes such a desperate, obsessive focus. You’ve really gotta focus with all of your fiber, and all of your heart, and all of your creativity.”

“I’m motivated by fear. Fear of fear! I hate being scared to do something, and I think what developed in my early days was the attitude that I started attacking things that I was scared of. You can’t be scared to die for the truth. The truth is the only thing that is always going to be constant.”

“Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something! Not even me, alright? You got a dream? You’ve gotta protect it! People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can’t do it! You want something? Go get it. Period.” – Will Smith in the Pursuit 


I've heard something like this before: "Entrepreneurship is living a few years of your life like most people won't, so that you can spend the rest of your life like most people can't."
  
[Attributed to a student of Warren G. Tracy apparently](http://www.forbes.com/sites/tanyaprive/2013/05/02/top-32-quotes-every-entrepreneur-should-live-by/2/). Could never find who this Warren Tracy is though.
This quote has always resonated with me, thanks for the reminder!
This has been one of the motto's for my high school football team for years. Love it. Such a great thing to live by.

th-that's badass
Belee dat

I know I've read this before, but i can't remember where it's from.

According to Google, it a seems like the actual quote was coined by an author called Stephen McCranie, though I think I've probably seen it on Reddit. 
That's not where it originated from. This quote is too old. But if you follow it n live by it, then it doesn't matter where you learned it from.
-Abraham Lincoln
Wise words withstand the test of time itself. It trickle s done through many generations to reach out one ears. 
It is a very old saying. When I visualize it I see an old hermit teaching his prodigy.
It's McCranie
Right!!? I too imagine it so, but just like it being the very last lesson. Like the hermit is bragging n showing his pupil their place, but to make them realise about what they have to do to be where their master is.

Where can I get one?
"Losers always whine about 'their best'. Winners go home and fuck the prom queen" -Sean Connery 
I really hope OP knows. 


i am hungry
This would not fly too well in spiritual circles.

- bitches love wallless

    - Bob dough 




**BARS**
Interesting guy, one of my Dad's personal heroes.
Fuck Parkinsons

Perspectives people. Starts from the inside out 
I never got this. Why would you want to chase a wolf, and why would it make you run faster?
haha that copypaste is so hated on /fit/ its amazing it made its way here.

edit: also downvoted since i fucking hate it. 
Crrrrrrrringe
my guess is dudes proly a hungry asain
I normally don't burst into laughter but that got me good... 

Anal really isn't that bad
the fact that it does take effort comforts me.

if everyone could get what they wanted at the drop of a hat it would make it worthless, and humans need challenge to fully be satisfied. 

thanks for this! 

What was your time? How long did it take you to get to that point?
What app did you use? 
Fort Collins, represent!
It was fun scrolling across the country in Google Maps (without searching) trying to find this location.
You could have walked 13.31 miles and that still would have been impressive. Well done. 
Hey OP what app did you use?
About two and a half hours, but it was pouring and at 1:00AM. I love running in the rain, but it definitely doesn't make me faster. :) And I'd say it took at least 4-6 months to be able to do this comfortably. I did it once before this, but it felt almost literally like torture. I had to call into work the next day. I was in good condition before this run, but not for endurance training. My legs and joints really needed to be conditioned to a couple hours of jolting and stress like this.
The fact that you can run 13.3 miles in one sitting "just cuz" is astounding to me. I'm breathless after one.
Awesome

My last 10 mi run felt like a torture. I guess I need to do more endurance training. Thanks for sharing!

After just reading the book titled "The Power of Habit" i have to say they got the chart wrong. It should be ordered with 1.) Cue 2.) Routine 3.) Reward.


Just my 2 cents.
http://timkastelle.org/blog/2013/12/dont-set-goals-make-new-habits-instead/
Is there a PDF of this for a higher quality print?
They probably like to make small changes as a CYA measure; you could argue that the reward drives the motivation for the routine
Idk, probably

always buy stuff to stay motivated too, lol.  nice calves btw.
Sexy legs well deserved. You are a girl right?
mirin' calves
Those are the most sexiest, in case you're a minor, shoes.
If that's a man, I'm even MORE impressed!
Haha, I promise I am a girl :)


Thank you for spelling breathe correctly.
I made the youtube video into an mp3 and set it as my alarm clock so I never have an excuse to hit the snooze button or shut off my alarm.
is that an unnecessary Instagram blur i see?
some people love sleep, more than they love being successful
My bad...just couldn't resist. 

Very nice. 👍

[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/HuUAQJu.gifv)

---

_^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_
So the purpose of a PhD is to formulate a pimple on the face of the Universe?  I understand creating a dent in the Universe (Steve Jobs), but struggle to understand why one would wish to create a pimple.


So...YOLO? 
It I followed that advice, I would be very fat. 
That sounds pro suicide.
Your gonna die anyway so .....
You're a pessimist
Thanks.

Thank you for this. I'm just trying to save as much money as possible for a project I'm working on, by limiting the time I spend out with my friends, basically doing nothing and spending money for useless things.
If you kind of want it, you'll make an excuse. If you truly want it, you'll find a way

[deleted]
Don't be a bitch, dude.
[deleted]
Bitch, dont be a dude
>Bitch, dont be a dude

Ha. I love this one. 



The picture really reminded me of [The Little Prince (or Le Petit Prince)](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/157993.The_Little_Prince) by Antoine de Saint-Exupery.
I had a friend. And I relied on her for my own happiness. She didn't like that. She told me I was too attached. Well one day it finally got me. I finally was able to be happy on my own. That same day, she told me she was done with me. That she wasn't going to be my friend anymore. And I'm still happy despite losing my best friend. She left only after I learned the lesson she had been trying to teach me.
So basically.. this quote is saying that I should have a PHD in depression and loneliness?
It's 100% Le Petite Prince 
Perhaps that friendship ended in order to enable you to be a blessing to others.
Or maybe that you can take the pain and hurt that you've endured, and somehow use it to help others fight their own pain and suffering.

Don't ever give up.


If this image wasn't so stupid and disorganized I would appreciate it a lot more. 
These posts are great for those who have a passion or a dream... but what about those of us who have no freaking idea what we want to do and we dont have a passion for any specific topic.  
There are far more people, that have failed at becoming a professional comedian, have put their families in turmoil over this dream, and have put undue hardships on their children.  For every comedian who has "made it" and created a living for themselves, there are 100,000 more that have failed.  Sometimes doing what you love is a luxury that you will never have.  Yes, what he said is inspiring, but it is more akin to a story of a lottery winner.  Might as well have said that instead of saving for retirement you should jump in, take the risk, put your livelihood and family security in jeopardy and just buy them tickets! 
You're right! Hey guys, nobody follow their dreams! Thank you for bringing that to a motivation subreddit.
Follow your dreams, but do so with a plan and with alternative options.  Only risk as much as you can truly afford to lose. 

High Five!
Keep up the great work!
                                       wow high
                                                                                   master five


Go go gadget, JOURNAL!
Is keeping a journal really so helpful?
[deleted]
Wow, great picture. Thanks for this. 
What's a transformational perspective vs. transactional?
[deleted]
I think this is viral marketing for a journal company
if you know something that would be useful to share with someone but you decide to keep that knowledge to yourself ... as you may consider that knowledge to be valuable.
Lol maybe ! I first saw this picture on Facebook.. 
Your welcome! It really gave me a reality check! Happy new year!
Ok I was wondering if there is some sort of benefit to keeping a journal. I write in mine only a few times a year.

Those fonts doe. 
As a design major, the fonts make me want to cry. But the message is great!
But Bacon 😞
Just eat. You can workout tomorrow....
haha, you could write anything in those fonts and it would feel inspirational.
They hurt my eyes 😓

Love this. 

This is the cheesiest thing I've ever seen
r/im14andthisisdeep
And believing in oneself apparently means have hallucinations or unreal expectations about yourself?  This isn't motivating at all. 


Batfamily can't fly, so they have to fall instead.
life alert would be proud of you
Falling is where you learn about the actual side of life.

I get the idea, but the wording seems to imply regret. 

How about "A year from now, you'll be glad you started today!" 
That is so true! Never wait...start today with what you have, build momentum and rise to greatness a step at a time!
Boom!


Of all the quotes about mistakes, this is one that causes me to actually consider a positive view of them, rather than just being "okay" with mistakes.
Mistakes are a key factor when looking to improve something.  

TIL my boss in posting on Reddit
Why should I? oO
This quote was posted two days ago here without the image. It didn't need the image.
Who's your boss
A corporation. Every pay check they remind me how many hard working people would like my job so I had better strive to be better.

I like the motivation but this is pretty /r/CrappyDesign 
I have to ask myself this constantly.  I follow up with another question, too.  

If not now, then when? **If not me, then who?**
Reminds of [this song](http://open.spotify.com/track/4JuTbcL9N1DRZVeNF7s5oS).

EDIT: The YouTube video is a different (possibly unedited) recording.
I will give it a try :)

More like talent is largely a myth and those considered "talented" are working their asses off. 
I'm talented and brilliant as fuck and i just spent the evening drawing boobs. I NEED FOCUS!!! http://imgur.com/xPt5G2g
Kinda needed to read that today. Thank you.

I read this in the voice of Randall from Clerks.
See? I wanted an even 1400 link karma, and with this post I've achieved that. It really does work.
Wow. That put things into perspective.
I'm sorry, I get the point and I don't disagree with everything, but what a fucking douche that guy would be. You can't tell people to basically "get over" issues with appearance or "stop worrying" about things they can't change.

If it worked that way for you, great, but it doesn't for everyone. It's not a universal fix and it isn't black and white like that. 
Nice comic but kind of stupid.
how so?

and perhaps more importantly, what do you gain by calling others work stupid? 
What do any of us gain by giving our opinions on Reddit?

I think it's stupid because it states that if someone's life is shitty then it's their own fault for not doing enough about it. I think it's written by someone who lives in safety and economic security.


This sounds like a corollary of, "luck favors the prepared."
As I remenber this quote is a Richard Bach. 
There's people out there that think this is bull shit and I can understand. But I'm living proof that the universe will give you what you ask so be careful. 

great way to quote 

This is a Chris Rock quote
Or another way to look at it is most people won't stop in case they can't help with an unknown problem. Almost everyone can push a car, so indicating this is what you need will convince people they can help.

[Here's the video if anyone is interested] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2_Mn-qRKjA)

That's one of the best motivators I've seen here. Thanks. 
Half of my time watching this show is trying to figure out who all the voices are

If you're willing to work this hard, do you really need the degree to prove you're capable?

Is it possible to go after what you want without the degree, or is your industry the type that won't let outliers sneak in?

Here's my secret to getting ahead: Learn the "rules" of success. Then realize the rules don't really exist and break them.
Not asking this in spite or to be mean, but why didn't you take summer courses? What you accomplished was quite the feat and you should be so incredibly proud, but I would think, personally, summer courses would be easier to manage than any others.

Great Fucking Job Though, really. You should be so proud.
I did something very similar and it took me a long damn time to get to Graduation as well.  I was also homeless for a semester, crashing on friends couches and sometimes sleeping in my car.  It was hard, but it was worth it - not even because I got an amazing degree that got me a super awesome job - I was already on a career path that I was not even going to be using my degree for, but because I had started something and GODDAMNIT I was going to finish it.  FOR ME!  And I did.  Kudos to you!  The feeling of achievement is like no other.
I'm not in as bad as a situation as being homeless, but the "class availability" really strikes a cord with me. For the past 3 quarters I've had to deal with the stress of getting waitlisted for all the classes I register for. And then I might not even get into all of them. This in turn makes me stay at school longer, more costs to my parents, and more stress on me from my parents to try and fix the system so I can graduate. In the past few months though I've begun to realize that I don't need school to learn. I can do it on my own, and each step I take towards my dream outside of school is another one I can claim that I took myself without help from teachers or classmates.
That's an expensive piece of paper that you're going after there.

I hope it's worth it..
[removed]
That happened to me the semester before this last one. It was brutal. I didn't get into a single class I signed up for. Mindlessly drove a truck all summer making minimum wage thinking about being in school. 
Nigga rilly?


"Let go your earthly tether,

Enter the void,

Empty and become wind"

-Guru Laghima
An airbender
[deleted]
You've probably never heard of him. 

They call our soldiers today heroes. Then all those men involved in D Day were fucking Gods. 
[deleted]
They're still hungry but they are not as hungry in comparison to starving Africans.

They're still sick, but they are not as sick as terminally ill people.

Their day may be intimidating, but it is not as intimidating as wading to Omaha Beach on D-Day. 

I think OP compared the degree of intimidation of their day to DDay and decided that DDay was much more intimidating. Not that their day isn't intimidating, just to a lesser degree in comparison.

>Definition of ALL THAT

>:  to an indicated or suggested extent or degree

[Source](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/all%20that)
Well that was thorough. 
Your post moved me so I figured I'd defend you. 

This is a really great quote. I believe it's aimed towards individuals stuck in an unbalanced/unmutual relationship. I was always doing things for my ex-girlfriend and never received any effort from her so I find this quote really hits home for me.
Source?
I don't really like this approach. Relationships are about teamwork and growing together as individuals. It requires a degree of selflessness. becoming more self-absorbed or having a "me first" attitude won't necessarily help the relationship.
He is an author of some [popular books](http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/61124.Chetan_Bhagat). But I don't think this quote was taken from any of them. This is just a random quote from him.
I think this is for those people who are, unbeknownst to them, in a relationship that isn't mutual.  Do you know what I mean?
that makes more sense

You have no idea how much I love this.

Reminds me of Craig Ferg's them song: "tomorrow's just a future yesterday"

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4olB6IXsxc


Congrats dude. Don't give up!
atttaaaa booooy. My quest has tapered off in the last 2 years, but im down from 242 to 185-190ish and still training hard. Looking good man, keep that shit goin.
http://i.imgur.com/GbAII.jpg
Here's a picture from last year! Thanks for all the support!
Great job man what drastic change. 
Way to go! So proud of you. It takes such hard work and dedication to get healthy and stay that way!
Awesome!!! I went from 308 (5ish years ago) and I'm currently 226...  I've always been a big girl but it's really awesome to see the changes. Keep up the good work and be awesome:-)

I really feel like this guy actually has an advantage over other runners. But still, no excuses, regardless of me being *burdened* with fully functional legs! ;)
My state of mind to atee, i may be crippled, but its not as bad as that guy

After all, whats a bit of shrapnel in your leg compared to losing said leg and the other one
No excuses?  Everyone's story is different.  Ever had a traumatic back injury?  Parkinson's?  Sorry, but I hate these posts holding up some handicapped person as motivation.
But I don't have metal legs! In all seriousness though, wonderful for all these people who overcome things like this to be great. No matter what, greatness should be your goal and no matter what, you should strive to achieve it and don't stop until you do.
I can see what you mean, but this guy worked up to being an Olympic athlete from having his legs amputated at 11 months. That's a remarkable accomplishment when you look at his fitness level.
I don't think he was at an advantage having seen him race. I however think that there's a slippery slope for when the tech does in fact offer the amputee an edge. The lines have to be drawn somewhere.
Are you saying he had his legs amputated at 11 months old, or that he had his legs amputated 11 months before he became an Olympic athlete? 

I didn't mean to come off as condescending or suggest that he has it easy, as anyone who wants to be an Olympic athlete has to work extremely hard. Quite an accomplishment for any person, really!
He had fibular hemimelia, which caused him to have his legs amputated at 11 months of age.

This was a hard lesson that I had to learn by myself. No one taught me this one :(

This reminds me of the serenity prayer

> God grant me the serenity
to accept the things I cannot change; 
courage to change the things I can; 
and wisdom to know the difference.

If I had to choose, I would probably get this tattooed. Always been my favorite quote and applicable to most things. 
Can I change that guy's seat up and off the ledge?  The thought of him falling is making my lips numb!  :)  Great post!

Taking lives one slice at a time.
Sounds like they're tryna get people to cut themselves.

MY EYYYYYES


Good quote.
This frog looks tooooooooooo much depressed.

Even if it means not showing up to accept your Nobel Prize!

As I'm understanding it, the takeway is be the best at whatever you do?
It's difficult to interpret this without knowing when he said this if he was as successful or renown as he is today.
I would say he is rejecting his mother's advice of becoming someone else. Instead made himself into something worth becoming.
Ah, hadn't considered that. I like that better.
It's a combination of the both. The point his mother is trying to make is that he would become the best at what he chose to be. His statement is that he made the decision himself; not letting it be made for him. He didn't become something, he became himself. 

this beautiful
/u/marktheitalian
I cry

I assume he chose music? Did he make it or what?
Yea I'd say his 2.9m Twitter followers means he's doing pretty okay haha. 
But then again, who knows how happy he is or what that translates to in actual fulfillment. Depends on how you define making it I guess. 
Well that's not in the picture, i just didn't know who it was. Good for him. 
Oh I know. I had to look it up too! :)

That's not really fair, clearly the other two didn't see them fall over.
Isn't Djokovic a tax evader?
This is nice. I've seen these gifs circulating Reddit and both of those tennis players did nothing to help even after they saw what happened. 
I’ve long considered writing this up, but wasn’t sure where. I thought this might be a fitting place. This is, by and large, the short version of my life. I’m sorry if it’s a bit incoherent, I’m trying to say a lot of things, and cover a lot of areas, in an amount of text that wouldn’t fill a book.

TL/DR: I was a shy, awkward, fat kid for the first half of my life. I’m now confident, have a very good job, popular with women, and happy.

I was a pretty chubby kid back in elementary school (which lasts 10 years here), and socially a bit weird. I was quite shy, didn’t say a lot, and I would get a red face when I got angry. In first grade, I particularly had one other good friend – a real fat kid, but I remember him being nice. He left after the first year, due to the bullying, which was then passed on to me.

The first 8 years of elementary school was very hard on me. I had very few friends, and I was bullied daily. The bullying was both verbal, as well as painfully physical. At one point, I was literally chased off school grounds by my entire class of 30 people, into a swamp nearby. At the high point, every recess every hour, of every day, I would get hit, have my arms twisted around, something from me stolen, things like that – that went on for years. It lasted until well into 9th grade, where I started smoking, which got me a bit in league with some of the “cool kids”, and it settled down a little.

I didn’t learn to read until around 5th grade (so 11’ish years old), when my mother taught me. I couldn’t even do the entire alphabet. Same goes for math, which my father ended up teaching me. I’ve never done well academically, and have almost always gotten by with some of the lowest grades possible to pass.

High school was slightly less painful, as a childhood friend of mine was quite popular, so I could hang out with him (but no more so, than once I had dyed my hair black, a classmate randomly told me “you look like a fucking idiot with your eyebrows still brown”). I had also lost a lot of weight, but I still had a “beer tummy” left over – so now, instead of chubby, I was super skinny with a beer belly, not the most flattering look in the world. I don’t remember it from being younger, so it was probably around that time I also started shaking a bit, particularly my hands, so I always seemed nervous or like I was high on drugs.

Fashion was something that was still largely dictated by what my mother bought, or what my best friend thought was cool.

When I was around 15, I was diagnosed with mild depression, a sickness that will continue to hunt me throughout my life.

But I was still super shy, and would say some awkward shit at times. I didn’t have my first kiss, until I was 17 on vacation. The first time I had sex, was when I was 18, on vacation, with a prostitute, which was one of the nastiest and uncomfortable experiences of my life to this day.

I played computer games all the time. Mostly World of Warcraft, which I think I logged over an actual year of in-game time in. Naturally, my first actual girlfriend was also from WoW, a woman 11 years older than me, and not the prettiest.

I was socially uncomfortable to the point, where if I was on vacation with my father, all the way up into my early 20’s, speaking to a cab driver was a genuine fear. Speaking to women in a bar, was something I built up the courage to do, over hours of sitting and drinking alone at a table. I was probably being awkward and looking at them too, through the whole thing.

But I knew these things, so I started making a conscious effort to change who I was from around the end of high school (where, I should add, I redid the third year again and was almost kicked out, because I’m a fucking idiot). If I was on a vacation, I made sure to go out at night drinking, even by myself, and once out, I made a rule that each day I had to approach at least 1 stranger (male or female, didn’t matter) and start a conversation. The more the better, but minimum of 1 was my rule. My strategy was largely to sit at a bar, and hope someone sat next to me that wasn’t already engaged in a conversation – and then after an hour or two, have the courage to say “cheers” or something.

And over time, speaking to strangers became ever so slightly less frightening. From practically never initiating a new conversation with anyone all the way up to around 20, to meeting several new people every night just a few years later.

I started consciously thinking much more about fashion, posture, how I presented myself. I would speak aloud to myself, or to a mirror, to hear how I sounded and see how I looked while talking. I should add, that a great way of doing this, is recording video of yourself – it’ll be uncomfortable at first, but it’ll help a TON in understand how others view you, and how to actually be the person you want to be.

To help more with women, I started reading up a lot on old school (Mystery) PUA stuff. Since the original stuff is very “process” focused with specific stages, I found it a fantastic starting point. That again, helped more with both my confidence, as well as my interaction with women.

My parents have throughout my life been afraid “what would happen to me”, so to speak, regarding work. I slacked off throughout my entire education, never dealt well with authority. My father has several times had “serious talks” with me about my career future, as he was very worried I would never really “get off the ground”. 

I now have a very decent job (good salary, low hours, good atmosphere, high-class clients as well as colleagues), with colleagues talking about me as “very confident”. We’re a large agency of around 250 people, and I’m in a group 15 “talents” that get a special work education – at one about public speaking, the speaker outright said I could “almost appear too confident”, and “very knowledgeable” (of a topic I knew very little about).

 (Ironically, literally as I was writing this, I got a text message / photo from work: a vase of flowers, with the message “A thousand thanks for your push regarding our targeting. When shit hit the fan, you stepped up, and built insights for large parts of our final targeting flow. That’s fantastic work! Well done!” – I’m home sick today, but as you probably guessed I now work in marketing, and I’m guessing we just closed a client that’s worth the company around 10 million USD a year.)

I’m often complimented on my fashion. I’ve been with 22 women (give or take, depending on how you define stuff). I’ve been the one calling off almost all relationships, I’ve almost never gotten dumped. I’ve gotten one-night stands off Tinder, from very attractive women.

I’m working on my own company, that’s based on a relatively unique set of skills I built up by being the awkward nerd I was when I was younger, and it’s looking very promising.

So what’s my point here? That if you don’t like who you are, you can change who you are. 

I often see posts (here, YouTube, wherever) by people lamenting that “they’re too ugly” for people to date them. But that’s just not true. Practically no one is so ugly, that if they simply make sure they are in basic shape, clean up, think about posture, and take fashion seriously, wouldn’t be considered at the very least “just above average”. 

If you’re shy, if you’re awkward, you can work your way out of that, as long as you’re willing to make a conscious effort to change who you are. Who you are isn’t something that’s written in stone – it’s something that, if you’re willing, can be whatever you want it to be.

Or how about work? “I don’t have a good education”? My work has absolutely nothing to do with what I studied, nor is it relevant to any of my intern experience before that. It’s based solely on what I taught myself over years of internetting, of thinking critically about my interests and hobbies and what could be done with them. Same goes for my own company. Knowledge isn’t a University degree (though it can be), knowledge is something that is more freely available to you now than any other time in human history. You can learn practically anything online, for free, these days. Coding, design, math, business, you name it. It’s about you being willing to acquire that information, that knowledge, and spend the required amount of time on it. Listen to audiobooks on your commute back and forth to work. Develop a natural curiosity to independently research topics you encounter.

That’s not saying it’s going to be easy. Life has a tendency to punch you in the stomach if things go smoothly. When I was around 24, I met a very beautiful and wonderful girl. We fell deeply in love. She was suffering from heavy depression, and an abusive family. I largely neglected Uni to help her, spending around 5 hours a day caring for her in various ways. After 8 months, she jumped from a building, killing herself, while I was considering how to propose to her, the very morning before I was going to see her. That, of course, made me sincerely suicidal for about 4 months, and I got a heavy drinking problem. It’s my personal “before and after” moment in my life. Practically everyone in the world, encounters gruelling circumstances at some point in their life. That is the harsh reality of the human existence.

But you can power through that. It’s possible for everyone. You have that power within you. You can be whoever you want to be. The world has never been more open to opportunities than it is right now. Accept that responsibility for your life is in your own hands. I remember a quote from “The Power of Habit: Why we do what we do”, if memory serves, regarding a meeting for Alcoholics Anonymous: “No one is coming to help.” – “But you’re here, you’re helping” – “No, I’m just here to tell you, no one is coming to help”.

TL/DR: I was a shy, awkward, fat kid for the first half of my life. I’m now confident, have a very good job, popular with women, and happy.
Wow this is really inspirational, thank you op for sharing this. Any advice how to keep the conversation flowing? 
Thank you for this. A very inspiring read, this is just what I needed at this moment in time to kick me along back into reality. Thank you for this writeup, I along many people are really appreciative of this.
I hope OP doesn't mind, but I'm going to copy this and make a kid-friendly version for my son, who really needs to hear this story. 
.
This post is kind of scary. I know you're trying to be helpful and inspiring. That's great. But you sound like a self-absorbed schmuck who is way too into yourself to notice that everyone around you only tolerates your presence.  Your big turnaround into coolness started when you started smoking and reading pick-up artist tips? You've never been dumped? You've been with "22" women?  You are a beacon of inspiration.

I bet you post on /r/TheRedPill 
Start a YouTube vlogging channel!

Seriously! Don't do it to make money or get YouTube famous, but it has helped me out tremendously later in life. Don't just do a little 2 minute random one, decide some topics. First, you get a far more realistic view of how you actually talk (I, for instance, noticed that I said "uhm" at a frustrating high rate, so worked on just taking a short break instead of saying "uhm"), and how you look when you talk. Second, you're basically doing mini presentations, talking without any input from anyone else, and after a while, it just gets much easier to just keep going without necessarily anyone else saying a lot. It also helps with shyness, once you realize a few thousand people watched what you said. Just be ready for some real harsh words :)

Doesn't mean awkward silent conversations doesn't happen. Happens to literally everyone in the world. Sometimes there's just nothing to talk about. But if you wanted a random tip I think would help, that's it :)

(apart from the normal "listen to what the other person is saying" obvious kind of advice)
That makes me sincerely happy to hear :)

I'm not saying any of this is necessarily easy, or a "just do it, and it's done forever". I can still struggle with confidence at times, I still struggle with procrastinating far too much (I'm sitting here writing this instead of cleaning my apartment, which is in dire straights right now), and depression still hits me with it's nasty ass grip from time to time. I'm also not saying no one will have it harder than me - while I'm in no way "billionaire family" privileged, I know I have still grown up with many "soft benefits" that others don't (a caring family, for example).

But my 13 year old bullied self would never have imagined I could become what I have become. The image of me now, would by and large be a "fantasy" for me back then. Even later, lets say around the age of 19 or 20, my current self would be someone I would have looked up to as "cool" and thought of in a "wow, if just that could be me" kind of way.

And even if that sounds a little arrogant, it's something I wanted to share with people. Perhaps it's my way of saying "even if you think you're totally out of luck in life, trust me, there's hope for everyone". 

If I can go from being a fat shy kid chased into a swamp by 30 classmates with practically no real love life until I turned 21, to having a good career, confidence, and a great lovelife, fuckit, anyone can. And I think that's important for people to know / remember sometimes.
By all means :) Very happy to hear you feel it useful enough to do something like that!
That's a good point!
> But you sound like a self-absorbed schmuck who is way too into yourself to notice that everyone around you only tolerates your presence.

My experience tells me something different, but how would I ever prove that to you? We can't hang out, I can't introduce you to friends, I can't take you out and talk things over while having a beer. I'm sorry to hear you have that impression of me, but I don't see how I can prove otherwise. It's very difficult (and I'm definitely not great at it) writing about your own accomplishments, without coming across as arrogant.

> Your big turnaround into coolness started when you started smoking and reading pick-up artist tips?

I feel like you really didn't read what I wrote, because no, that's not at all what happened. 

Firstly, I started smoking in 9th grade (as I wrote) - terrible choice, not recommended, but that's what happened. That's why the bullying subsided. That's why I wrote it, because this is a true story in a real life, not a made up fairytale.

PUA was around 10 years later in my life. It helped me a lot in my approach to women, social interaction in general, and to gain confidence. The "traditional Mystery" type PUA stuff, as I wrote, has a very clear process, defined stages and such. It helps a lot when you don't have the confidence to naturally have the same types of conversations. Once you have the confidence, you can let go of a lot of the original teachings - though I should add, I was surprised at how well it actually worked, and taught me a TON about human social psychology.

> You've never been dumped?

Of course I have. I wrote "almost never", because that's the truth. I've literally never been dumped in any semi-long lasting relationship. I can remember 2 women dumping me in the early dating phases. I remember 1 girl where we were dating, but it just wasn't working out. And of course, I've been outright rejected plenty of times.

> You've been with "22" women?

Give or take, depending on what you consider "been with". I mention a number, because peoples idea of what a plentiful romantic life is, is vastly different. If I just said "I have plenty of success with women", I know people that would assume I'm talking about having been with 5-10 women throughout my life, and I know people that would assume I meant 50-100. Why not just put a straight up number on it, when I have it?

> I bet you post on /r/TheRedPill

I have literally one post there, and that's asking what the fuck they are all thinking. Those people are some real fucking nutters.

> You are a beacon of inspiration.

I can't say, but I know that my younger self would certainly have thought so.
great comment
Thank you, I'm a very punctual person.

That is messed up. Did he throw her off a cliff or something?
We Pinterest now?
Sounds like mom's got a sweet insurance policy on that poor unsuspecting child. 
The worst way to talk a jumper out of commiting suicide.
why not?
Why people can't see the deeper meaning of things and instead focus only on what they see and read?!
This is just an extremely situational phrase, that's all I'm saying.

is it?
This is absolutely true. Like the quote.
https://litemind.com/e-prime/ what it IS

the thing is, both require as much effort, preparation and time.
But are you the avalanche or snowflake? 
assuming there's snow on the mountain...


That was one of the most stimulating gifs that I've ever seen!
Watch the right, and it moves left, watch the left (far end of the train) and it moves right.
Thank you. I have seen this gif a lot and realised today that it could mean something deeper
Star at the middle and use will power to change the direction. It works well if you switch it back and forth with in a synced rhythm. 
I am Benjamin Button. 


This seriously helped me a few times. Whenever i don't want to go to something like a party with lots unknown people i simply think about this quote.

fuck yeah. don't break balls for no one.
That's all it takes right there..
Yes sir. I love biting confrontational motivation 


I don't think gluten is at all bad for you, unless you have an intolerance. What's important is that your carbohydrates are quality, including whole grains and vegetables. No processed food. 
GLUTEN DOES NOT AID WEIGHTLOSS, IT IS AN ALTERNATIVE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE AN INTOLERANCE
nice, keep up the work! and remember, you do this because you aren't stressed; you enjoy it!
you should be so proud of yourself. Keep going!
Awesome! Keep up the good work!
You should probably monitoring your diet a little closer rather than just avoiding gluten free foods. Even though I'm not really sure how gluten-free foods would help with weight loss unless you have some sort of condition
I recently started the anti-candida diet (gluten, sugar, alcohol free) I'm on day 7 and my energy is already up, my lady bits are less itchy and I have less joint pain. I'm not really monitoring weight loss but hoping to shed some pounds eating this way.  As far as I know no one can digest gluten.  Good job OP I bet you feel a lot better!! Keep up the good work!! 
I should specify, I have been eating gluten free because I mostly eat myfitfoods. I'm also eating no fast food or processed foods. I keep my calories at 1200 daily and have a full body work out 2-4 times a week. I have lost 40 pounds and almost 8% body fat. 
B.A. in nutrition checking in. This is absolutely correct. Unless your body does not produce the proper enzymes to break down gluten, there is absolutely nothing negative about its presence in the diet. Low glycemic index carbohydrates (whole grains, vegetables, ect) vs high glycemic index foods (refined sugars, white bread, ect) are the only thing that should be taken into consideration. Low glycemic index foods do not spike insulin levels as readily and therefor do not promote the body's reaction to store excess calories as fat. 
I cut put processed foods as well. 
However, there is in fact some evidence that eating gluten-free can help you lose weight, whether or not you actually have celiac disease.

If you do have celiac, several medical studies note that celiacs who are overweight when they're diagnosed tend to lose weight when they go gluten-free.

but if you don't have the condition, gluten-free weight loss may still work for you. Cardiologist Dr. William Davis, author of Wheat Belly, tells me he sees the same weight loss sparked by the gluten-free diet in people who don't have celiac disease: patients lose weight routinely — usually around 15 to 20 pounds in the first month — when they drop wheat from their diets.
With that it can be as simple as reevaluting toast and pasta as sides for most meals. Or making more meals plant-based instead of grain. Gluten free foods can be just as bad/low fiber (tapioca, potato starches etc)
Sugar makes your pusshole itch? wat
I also cut out most beef. I mostly eat chicken, turkey and fish. 
Very happy to see this posted. The gluten craze has taken a very low percentage problem and transformed it into a placebo effect epidemic resulting in lots of picky eaters... Thanks again
is it true that you could possibly become intolerant to gluten if you cut it out for a few months? I have heard this from a couple different sources, but not from anyone in the medical field.  
were you eating less calories also?
A low carb, low fat diet with high protein and a calorie deficit is what you should be aiming for if cutting fat is your goal. If you find yourself getting tired too quickly after a heavy amount of working out it can either be that you're not used to the cardio, or you're not taking in enough carbs. I highly suggest downloading MyFitnessPal and keeping track of what you eat to help progress your already good amount of weight loss.
 
  The general consensus (Feeney, Womens Health, Shy,) is that there isn't enough factual evidence to prove that gluten-free diets help lose weight and are generally a waste of money if you are on it for non-medical reasons.  I wouldn't rely too much on eating glucose-free food as I would eating healthier and more nutritionally rich foods. 
I meant focus more on how many carbs/protein/calories rather than worrying about gluten being in the food or not
Yes, for the most part, I stay under 1200 calories. Some say this is too little, but its what my doctor recommended. 
I already use MyFittnessPal. And while there has been no studies to prove that gluten free diets help lose weight, there also hasn't been one to prove that it doesn't.  Its working for me. I'm being careful about all the other stuff too. I eat a lot of Myfitfoods. I'm even on there site as a success story. 
Yea. And people will spaz if it's gluten free but still eat greasy overly salty/sweet foods. For some its a fad diet for others they are just trying to get more diversity. but for the few that have sensitivities or are allergic it gives them a bad rep.
Yeah I punch myself in the dick every single day.  There are no studies that show it doesn't help me lose weight.  But I mean I am losing a ton of weight so I guess it is working....oh and Im eating at a caloric deficit too.  Probably the dick punching thing that is doing it though.  
She is not allergic. People will try to lose weight using the "gluten free" diet because they do not know how to eat right. It is 100x easier to just pick up a package of "gluten free" food rather than knowing what actual foods to eat and that seems to be the case here. 

Edit: this kind of person usually does not like to work out and will not do the right workouts, will not workout often enough and will not workout hard enough

A cool and worthy quote, but often  to various authors. Believed to have actually originated with a (potentially) semi-shady wall Street trader in the 1930s-40s, Mr. Henry S. Haskins. 

Still motivating and worth keeping in mind.

This is deep...

I was unemployed and lost all of my money gambling. Today, I have $509 in my bank account and a new job( more like career since I plan on staying there for three years) .

Happy Sunday everyone, keep grinding it out!!!
First and foremost congratulations! After two years of nearly being paycheck to paycheck, I landed a wonderful career this past Friday. I sign my contract tomorrow and because I'm starting right away I even get a signing bonus! So whilst I haven't gotten to the "my bank account has money" phase yet, I can not wait for that day! 

I know a lot of folks on this subreddit don't comment but to those who read the comments, keep moving forward! Life has a funny way of working out but we experience the low points so we can appreciate the high ones. Keep on keeping on:) Again, congratulations, I'm sure it's well deserved!
Respect the fuck out of that upgrade, and love that you're still in the mix and acting like you've reached the finish line!  Keep up the hustle man, in a year that account will be even bigger.
Stay strong friend ✊
Congratulations! Be proud, and stay proud of this accomplishment!
Similar situation currently, except I'm still negative $200 in my account but luckily landed a job a week and a half ago and looking forward to that paycheck this week. I've been ACTIVELY searching for a job since November but with the holidays there was pretty much a hiring freeze everywhere. I lucked into this position and even though it's a heck of a lot less than what was making at my prior job, I'm pretty happy so far. Good luck to you!
Consistence, Persistence, Patience, Long lasting, hanging in there - These are the words you now need in your new vocabulary. This is what life rewards. Congrats for landing that new job.

Fast tracking through life doesn't reward - Enjoy your new carrier and grow in it.
Cheers!!  
That is amazing!!!! Next goal down payment on a house?
Thank you!!

"This cahntry cannat affohd ta be materially rich and spiritually poah."

I agree, but I heard it in my head like that. 
Who's accent is that? 
I'm guessing a Boston one, but I'm not from Boston so don't take my word for it brother 
The Kennedy family had a particular Boston accent (I forgot the name for the subtype, anyone now it?) that virtually no longer exists in the current generation.
